I'm not sure the market is actually
reflecting the [music] strong nominal
growth environment.
>> The mood around technology remains very
guarded.
>> The bar is always very high. It's a tale
of two markets almost.
>> There are incredible things coming out
there for AI. It's not going to be quite
on the sort of Wall Street time scale.
>> This is Bloomberg Surveillance with
Jonathan [music]
Pharaoh, Lisa Abramowitz, and An Marie
Hordern.
Live from New York City this morning.
Good morning. Good morning. For our
audience worldwide, Bloomberg [music]
surveillance starts right now. Coming
into Thursday, big tech struggling to
impress. A strong forecast from Nvidia
failing to spark a [music] market rally
as a soft outlook from Salesforce is
sending the stock lower, leaving
equities on shaky ground following two
days [music] of gains. Tech cannot get
out of the penalty box.
>> And I don't know if anyone has a clear
sense of what it will take for them
[music] to actually get out of the
penalty box. On one hand, yes,
Salesforce didn't exceed expectations in
dramatic [music] fashion. They met
expectations was essentially as missing
in grand fashion given all of the fears.
You have Mark Beni off really trying,
saying, "This is not our first
saskopouloolis." Saying that maybe it's
a Sasquatch, [music] meaning that
they're going to get better when it
comes to all of the uses of a agent
force. At the same time, it just is
unclear the path to either disruption or
being the disruptors at a time of such
dramatic change.
>> That's Salesforce. Take NVIDIA. Listen
to these numbers. Revenue of 73% margins
75% the outlook better than expected
[music] and the atlas community
overwhelmingly looking at this as some
kind of bullish thing truest demand is
not letting up city [music] exponential
demand Morgan Stanley the largest
cleanest beat and raise in the history
of the semis industry and the stock is
up by8%. Well, Frankly of HSBC was on
with Bonnie [music] earlier and he said
they're doing great, but has there been
anything really tangibly new that we are
learning from this? And he doesn't think
so. He's still they're very dependent on
hyperscalers for their capbacks. [music]
What happened to all the talk of
enterprise and sovereign? Will we see
more of that? I found notable that China
there was a lot of talk about
potentially they were [music] going to
get this access into China because the
administration said you can sell those
H200s. Doesn't seem like any of that is
happening right now. It is a big fat
[music] zero when it comes to their
revenue. We've said this a few times on
this program, in fact, many times. You
can learn something from the earnings
and learn [music] something from how the
market responds to them. Invidious one
story, you mentioned Salesforce.
Salesforce also came out with a $50
billion buyback program on a $180
billion name. And still, that's not
enough to engineer a rally in this name.
[music]
>> Look, the reason why I started on
Salesforce is because Nvidia just defies
logic to me. I mean, they reported a 94%
increase in profit and record sales. I
mean, what were people [music] looking
for? I would say the same thing for
Salesforce. Was it just beating
expectations, giving some sort of
forward look? The fact that they came
out that they are buying back their
shares because their CEO says, "Well,
this is great value. We want to buy at a
discount because we see ourselves as the
winners." Nobody else is buying
alongside [music] them, even though
their shares are down 28% so far this
year. What will it take? What is going
to be the catalyst for people to have
their fears really assuaged? Frankly,
with the existential conversations I'm
having at [music] home, I'm asking
myself that question every night.
>> Salesforce down in the pre-market by 3%.
We'll keep track of that story for you
coming up this hour. Angelo Zenino of
CFR as Wall Street shrugs off Nvidia's
[music] blockbuster revenue report. Ed
Yardeni of Yardeni Research on the less
strong earning season for the Mac 7 and
Greg Moscowitz of Missouo as a mixed
outlook from Salesforce disappoints. We
begin this hour with stocks flat as
Nvidia's blowout quarter is failing to
impress. Mandep Singh of Bloomberg
Intelligence joins us now for more.
Mandep, go through those numbers again.
Revenue up 73%, margins 75%, the outlook
better than expected. Mandy, where did
they miss? Where did they fall short?
>> Well, it's because uh I I think uh in in
the case of Salesforce specifically, it
had to do with, you know, the guide and
and they're not seeing that topline
acceleration. Compare that to an Nvidia,
you know, that top line is uh has
inflicted. In fact, they are
accelerating from a very high uh already
growth that they were showing. So I I
think it's just market is right now in
that state where they see SAS companies
really not showing much momentum and uh
the semiconductor complex continues to
see uh upward revisions and uh you know
that's a kind of setup where there is a
discrepancy uh if they're buying more
chips it has to translate into faster
revenue growth for mature companies like
Salesforce and we are not seeing that
right now. So let's just stay on the
Nvidia story mandep and park sales force
just for a moment. All of this should be
helping Nvidia. The higher capex
intentions it's not. The stock rally has
stalled. All of these numbers should be
helping the stock. It's not happening.
What's going on?
>> Well, so uh look uh the numbers for next
quarter look great. It's really about
durability of growth for a company of
Nvidia size. Given what's going on in
the SAS complex, you have to ask
yourself, can they keep sustaining that
70% plus growth? And last night, Jensen
did call out inflection in AI agent
deployment. So far, you know, generative
AI was more about chatbots. Now, he
feels very confident that uh you know
the AI agent adoption will take off
given what we have seen with plot code
and open AI codeex. So from that
perspective he does see uh inference
revenue really take off for both the
hyperscalers as well as companies that
are focused on uh you know these new
offerings around AI agents and and that
is the proof that I think the market
wants to see before they feel uh this
growth is sustainable.
>> Mandep thank you sir for jumping on no
doubt we'll catch up with you a little
bit later. Mandep of Bloomberg
Intelligence Nvidia in the pre-market
hype by 0.9%. The view on Wall Street
looks like this. Angela Zenino of CFR
with a 26 price target of 250 writing
the following. Nvidia posted Jan Q
revenue of 68 billion crushing
expectations driven by continued AI
infrastructure buildout and successful
Blackwell platform RAM. Angelo joins us
now for more. Angelo on this name one
sell four holds 78 buys. You're one of
them. A strong buy and a rally has
stalled. What's behind it Angelo?
Yeah, John, I I think it has everything
to do with um just the it's and it's
something we had written about back in
December. It's this changing AI
narrative that you're seeing across the
markets, right? And um I think right now
the street really more focused about the
risk tied to AI more so than the growth
opportunities here long term from AI.
And um I think that the street's really
trying to grasp the two sides, but right
now they're they're really focused on
this the the risk tied to to the AI
side. you're getting this massive AI
infrastructure buildout. Um, but we have
yet to really see that AI monetization
story really play out to the extent that
I maybe that maybe others had hoped. Um,
it would play out to this at this point
in time. It's going to take time in
terms of of this AI monetization story
and I think, you know, there might be
others out there that are just taking
this wait and see approach. So, we're
getting these beaten raises. The quarter
really didn't tell us anything new in
many respects in the sense that we
expected a beat and raise in the sense
that we just had a Q4 earning season
where these hyperscalers all um
significantly you know ramped up their
capex spend. So um 26 is going to be
good. I think that's pretty much baked
in the stock. 2027 I think at this point
also um looks the visibility looks
pretty good as well. I think the street
more focused about you know really that
AI monetization story at this point in
time. To put simply what you just said,
Angelo, is it a case of fear porn
trumping any kind of fundamental
performance? Because ultimately, I don't
know where the risk factor was in the
earnings that were reported by Nvidia.
>> Yeah. I mean, I, you know, I I I think
when you look at at here, Yeah. I mean,
I think you're right. I mean, you look
at Nvidia and um I don't think you're
going to necessarily see, you know,
anything that that's going to cause you
to to raise an eyebrow. I would be
concerned about the story here this
quarter, next quarter, the quarter
thereafter. Um I think again it is just
monitoring the markets at this point in
time. Um I think on the software side of
things there's definitely some concern.
Um you know you you you look at what B
and you guys just you know really talked
about um Salesforce but you look at you
know Benny off what he had to say about
Salesforce um his conviction level
there. You look at what OpenAI anthropic
are doing. Um we need to monitor all of
that. We need to see the the this a
aentic AI inflection really start to
pick up in the second half of this year
into 2027. I think if you see that you
see those new use cases emerge I think
then you know Nvidia also starts to work
alongside that.
>> One thing that uh Salesforce did seem to
point to is agent force this idea of
actually using agents AI agents to try
to monetize this. exactly what you're
saying uh that Nvidia needs to see and
frankly what Jensen Hong was talking
about that he is seeing that inflection
point where you are seeing a
monetization what will it take to prove
to Wall Street to analysts that the
monetization is taking place and
ultimately this is kind of uh the the
the stick in in the whole story is it
vast layoffs to justify the expense is
it efficiencies that get borne out in
other ways that could potentially be
punitive to the overall economy
>> I mean you need to see it in the numbers
from from the hyper scalers, you need to
see it in the numbers from and you have
seen it to an extent from the
hyperscalers, right? You've seen them be
able to to monetize AI to an extent,
maybe not to the the degree that Wall
Street has wanted them to, but when you
look at the AI inflection thus far, it
really has been dominated um on the um
on the consumer side and really you
really can't monetize the consumer at
this point in time because they're
getting this stuff for free. on the
enterprise side of things. That's where
you need to see those applications
really start to pick up. You need to see
a number of you don't need to see the
entire SAS community really start to
benefit from it, but you need to see,
you know, some, you know, some big wins
there. You need to see that that
inflection in the second half of this
year in terms of revenue acceleration,
something that Benoff had had talked
about uh last night. So, um you need to
see some of those use cases really start
to pick up in terms of the token count.
um the increase in tokens that's going
to that's going to play out but again we
need to see the revenue really tied to
that and and be demonstrated uh you know
for Wall Street to really like the story
here um and to warm up to AI again
>> Angela on China it's the largest market
for chips do you think at any point this
year Nvidia will be able to make some
revenue from Beijing
>> I mean listen personally I I'm I'm
starting to lose hope on on the China
story right I mean it's hard to really
um you know continue to pound the table
on China just on the fact that you've
got these geopolitical uncertainties out
there. Um the hope would have been at
this point in time we'd start to see at
least some sort of incremental revenue
um tied to China given that we haven't
seen it yet. Um, you know, I'm I'm just
on on the sidelines and saying, hey,
listen, if we see it, great. If not, um,
you know, at least Nvidia continues to
find ways um, you know, to see their
revenue trajectory continue to increase.
But, you know, if you're Jensen, um, you
continue to want to, um, and to some
extent need China participation more
because of the developer community there
and for those developers to really build
on um, China's software ecosystem. But
um up until this point and and we've
seen it also from AMD. AMD did see about
390 million or so in terms of uh China
revenue in Q4, they got it to only about
100 million here in Q1. And the big
biggest reason for that is they just
don't see the visibility either. And and
there's a lot of uncertainty. So at this
point in time, you know, we're not
looking for much out of China.
>> I'm glad you brought up AMD, though.
They are making some money off of China.
What's the difference between what
they're doing versus Jensen Wong?
>> Um you know, it's hard to say. I mean,
at this point in time, it's really just
about the type of licenses um that
they're getting approved for. I mean,
clearly AMD is is a much smaller scale
type company relative to um to Nvidia,
but at this point in time, it's all
about getting the necessary, you know,
licenses approved there.
>> Angelo, always good to catch up, sir.
Thanks for jumping on this morning.
Angelo Xeno there of CF following tech
earnings overnight after the close
yesterday. Nvidia up for four
consecutive days into the earnings print
this morning. not really inspiring a
rally following some really really
decent numbers from that company for the
quarter.
>> Decent really doesn't cover it. I have
to say a 94% increase in profit, record
sales. You're talking about margins of
75%. They have increased dramatically
from some 50% just a number of years
ago. I mean, that's unbelievable. So,
what can they say other than we believe
in ourselves, we see the expansion of
our base, we think it's good. I don't
know what it's going to take for people
to actually get on board with uh ongoing
multiple expansion.
>> The stock this morning is high by just
0.6%. We'll keep tracking that story for
you. Let's get you an update on stories
worldwide with your Bloomberg brief.
Yhara has more. Hey Yahara.
>> Hi John. Sticking with Nvidia shares are
barely budging this morning up 610
[music] of a percent. The chip giants
reporting first quarter profit and
outlook that easily beat analyst [music]
estimates. Its latest sales forecast
however falling short of some of the
more lofty expectations out there.
Nvidia is facing uncertainty [music] in
China and a shortage of memory chips
which is holding back its gaming
division.
The Trump administration imposing new
sanctions on entities accused of
supporting Iranian [music] oil and
weapon sales. US officials say the
measures target individuals and [music]
companies involved in developing Iran's
ballistic missiles as well as vessels
[music] tied to its shadow fleet. The US
and Iran are holding talks in Geneva
[music] today.
And the Pentagon taking its first step
toward blacklisting Anthropic Axios
[music]
reporting. It's asked two major defense
contractors to provide an assessment of
their reliance on anthropics AI model
Claude. The company is insisting the
military refrain from using its [music]
products to autonomously target enemies
or conduct mass surveillance of US
citizens. That's brief. [music] John
>> Yhara, thank you. Thanks for the update.
More from Yahara a little bit later.
That story is becoming more and more
contentious. Yeah. And [music] I
recently spoke to under secretary for
defense Emil Michael. He talked about
when you sell it to the department of
war, they're going to do department of
war things. That was their stance and
whether or not these companies decide to
get on [music] with it. This is where
the big tension is right now.
>> It's an important story heading into the
weekend. Up next on the program, rising
AI skepticism.
>> AI is very, very important and very
powerful and has a lot of potential.
There are incredible things coming out
there for AI. Just it's not going to be
quite on the sort of Wall Street time
scale. Up next, we'll catch up with Ed
Jardeni of Yardeni Research, live from
New York City this morning. Good
morning.
coming into Thursday following two days
of gains on the S&P 500. It's a familiar
story. The rally stores once again
futures negative by a tenth of 1% on the
Nasdaq down by 0.1. Even though the
earnings have been pretty decent, we're
looking elsewhere for a major rally. The
Cosby are for a sixth consecutive
session in overnight trading in Asia.
The South Korean index is high by more
than 20% for the month and in the
[music] last 2 months year to date is up
by almost 50%.
A major rally developing in Asia
>> playing catch-up in some ways. The tech
companies over in South Korea in
particular, but also in China and
elsewhere sort of taking the helm after
you saw [music] US big tech outperform.
How far can that go? I think that's the
question. I mean at what point do people
not see that as cheap and not see see
that as the the brighter pastures? I
mean is this just sort of shifting
around the eggs to try to understand
where the next note of value is going to
come from [music] or is there something
fundamental here? All the worries about
concentration risk state side and we
pile into South Korea. Two names 40% the
index. Amazing major rally developing in
South Korea under Sylvanas this morning.
Rising AI skepticism.
>> AI is very very important and very
powerful and has a lot of potential but
that it's going to take a few years at
least for us to understand how to adopt
it and what it's going to be used for.
And so I think we don't fully understand
where we're going to deploy AI in the
broader economy. There are incredible
things coming out there for AI. Just
it's not going to be quite on the sort
of Wall Street time scale.
>> So, here's the latest this morning.
Stocks edging lower following a two-day
rebound. Investors digesting the staying
power [music] of AI sales growth after
Nvidia's results. Ed Yardi of Yenni
Research writing, "This has been a less
strong earning season for the Mac 7 as
their capex guidance has soared and
their earnings growth has slowed from
torid paces." Ed joins us now for more.
Ed, welcome to the program. What is it
going to take to get big tech in America
out of this penalty box?
>> Well, I think uh right now it's going to
stay there for a bit because we've got
what I I call a AI derangement syndrome.
Uh we we we've all gone from a situation
where uh AI is all good, productivity
enhancing, good for profits, good for
the economy to suddenly kind of a
Frankenstein monster that's going to
devour us. uh and I think uh that kind
of extreme mood swing uh isn't going to
last terribly long but it could last
through the middle of the year and
meanwhile we have seen this uh
beginnings of a a great rotation uh into
foreign markets as you pointed out uh
we've seen a great rotation into sectors
of the S&P 500 that certainly lagged
behind during the rally we've had so
this is I think kind of a healthy
repricing of
valuation. There were remember there
were all these concerns about how the
market was too concentrated and that
when these me sevens were going to start
to uh uh underperform that the whole
market would underperform. We get a bare
market. That's not happening. This is a
a pretty healthy uh re rebalancing the
way I see it.
>> Just clarify which bit is deranged and
which bit's healthy.
Well, I I think the deranged part of it
is the notion that uh this AI technology
is going to eliminate jobs. Um I I guess
that started out when Anthropic
announced that they were using code to
write code. Uh and so suddenly everybody
thought, well, do why do we need coders?
And here I'm looking at uh the Indeed
job openings for software developers.
It's up 11% on a year-over-year basis.
Uh you would think that there were no
jobs at all out there for software
developers. Uh we just uh signed up for
Claude uh that Anthropics Anthropics LLM
and we within five minutes we designed a
uh kind of a handy dandy tool to analyze
whether FOMC meeting is hawkish or
dovish. and we compared the last two
meetings and it was brilliant.
Absolutely brilliant. I didn't have to
fire anybody. I it just gave us another
more productive tool uh to do our work
with and I think that's what uh I think
the productivity gains are still going
to be there. Look, you're talking to
somebody who's biased. I've been talking
about the roaring 2020s. I don't think
they're going to come to an end with
mass unemployment and uh businesses
shutting down. You know, business
applications are at an all-time record
high. Last year, they were over 5
million. I presume these business
applications were not filed by robots,
but they were filed by humans who
expected to be working.
>> Fair enough, Ed. At the same time, a lot
of people have argued that without the
participation of the Magnificent 7, and
given the AI derangement syndrome as you
see it, it's getting harder and harder
to achieve some of the lofty goals for
the S&P targets. I believe you have
7,700 on the S&P by year end. At what
point would you start to question that?
You know, maybe not on the fundamentals,
but at least on sentiment and how it's
playing out.
>> Well, you know, I 7,700 is is is a new
all-time record high. I don't think a
10% increase uh from here is
unreasonable or from 7,000 to 7,700 is
unreasonable. I think we're still going
to get that. Uh earnings have been
phenomenally strong right through the
fourth quarter. I think earnings are
going to remain strong and some of those
earnings are going to be tech earnings,
but uh we we're seeing the technology
companies now aren't kind of hoarding
all this cash. They're not uh likely to
be doing big buybacks, but what they
will be doing is spending a lot of money
that will impact uh the good old
physical economy. The the virtual
economy is kind of where the all the
action was in the stock market. And now
we're seeing outperformance by uh the
rest of uh of the sectors in the
economy, which is fine.
>> I guess that the the question that
people have, Ed, is is the 10-year yield
consistent with the productive nirvana
that you're talking about? The idea that
you can have the adoption of all this
technology that might not lead you to
fire anybody, but might lead you to not
hire anybody at your firm to do that
kind of work. and frankly hasn't come
with the commensurate benefits in terms
of consumer spending and paychecks.
You've seen paycheck growth really start
to wayne. I mean at what point are are
10-year yields and and sort of this rosy
version kind of in conflict with each
other?
>> Well uh you know the 10-year yield is
still kind of uh stuck above 4%. So the
10-year yield has been pretty quiet
through thick and thin through all of
this even with the Fed lowering interest
rates. But uh uh all in all I think that
uh there are lots of moving parts here.
Uh baby boomers are retiring. Baby
boomers make a lot of money. So retired
baby boomers are uh not going to be
earning disposable income, labor income.
So uh as a result of that, uh personal
disposable income in real terms has been
flat and that's got people kind of
freaked out. Uh but u it's natural that
as the baby boomers retire they they are
will be spending their nest eggs which
are we've discussed this before $85
trillion is what they have they're going
to be spending that the savings rate is
going to go negative uh and yet consumer
spending is going to hang in there very
well. A lot of the baby boomers are
helping their adult children and uh and
their young grandchildren uh with
financial assistance. So, there's a lot
going on here that uh I think people
just don't really fully appreciate and
there's just too much focus right now on
this uh AI disruption kind of disrupting
everybody's lives. Uh but I I think um
it's it's it's going to be it is already
a great tool that's making workers more
valuable, not less valuable.
>> And I've got 30 on the clock. Speaking
of consumer spending, we have seen a gap
open up between discretionary and
staples stock performance so far year
today. You expecting a gap to close in
the year ahead?
>> I do. I do. I think uh the consumers
will will continue to spend. They have,
you know, goods uh real GDP rose 5% on a
year-over-year basis in the fourth
quarter. A lot of that was consumer
goods, durable goods. Uh so yeah I do I
do indeed think that because I think uh
there's just too much risk off right now
in the market.
>> And it's good to see you. Thank you sir.
Edenny there research AI derangement
syndrome is a new one. I've not heard
that one before. Dan Ives just published
over at Wedber. She says this Nvidia
delivering a blockbuster quarter and
guide is like watching Jordan with the
bulls. The problem a lot of people have
got right now. We care about
championship rings and this stock is not
winning championship rings right now. At
least not this year.
>> If you're a five trillion stock you
already are. Michael Jordan. It's not
proving that you are. The question is
how many free throws and how many layups
and how many, you know, three-pointers
can you get. Keep going.
>> Good work. Good work. Save it later cuz
he's [music] going to join us.
>> Touchdown
>> in about 45 minutes time. No, that's No,
>> I know.
>> Good. Coming up on the program, Andrew
Bishop of Signum Global as US Iran
nuclear talks resume. Plus, you hire us
back with your morning mover as shares
of Salesforce trading lower. The stock
is down by 3.5%.
Two days of gains on the S&P 500. The
rally stores within 1% of alltime highs
on a benchmark state side. Equities this
morning down by not even a tenth of 1%.
The Nasdaq down by 0.07.
The Nasdaq [music] running in 2.5% in
the last two sessions and software up by
around four to 5% over the same time
[music] period. So, we've had a bounce
coming into these earnings from
Salesforce and Nvidia. We are struggling
to follow [music] through. Let's get you
some single names, some morning movers.
Yhira has more. Hey, Yhihara.
>> Hi, John. It's a show me moment for
software stocks and Salesforce and
Snowflake did not quite deliver on
Salesforce first. Analysts calling the
sales forecast, which was in line with
expectations lackluster and just not
enough to ease fears that generative AI
will limit rather than expand growth
opportunities for the established
software name. As for Snowflake, it did
beat [music] on revenue uh for the
fourth quarter, but its outlook only met
expectations. So, Salesforce down three
and a half%. Looks like Snowflake now
positive 4/10en of a percent. Moving on
to another [music] software stock, C3.
This is a name that investors initially
piled into during the first wave of AI
enthusiasm, but it's had a string of bad
earnings, and it just posted another one
yesterday saying that it's trimming its
revenue [music] guidance sharply. Plus,
it will cut 26% of its workforce under a
new CEO. So, shares are [music] plunging
22%. And we're on a software streak this
morning. We end on New Tinix. Uh, this
is a company that essentially sells uh
software that helps businesses manage
data centers and cloud systems. Well, it
[music] just announced a new partnership
with AMD to use that technology, but
tailored to AI workloads. AMD will also
buy [music]
$150 million worth of its stock. So
shares are surging 22%. John
>> Yhara, thank you. Thanks for the update.
More from Yahihara in about 15 minutes
time. On a radar this morning, Nvidia
failing to wow investors with its latest
sales forecast. The CEO Jensen One
insisting customers are seeing the big
profits from AI investments even as the
company faces memory shortages and
uncertainty in China. Elsewhere,
President Donald Trump pushing for big
tech to bear the cost of the AI boom.
Executives from companies including
Amazon, Meta, Microsoft, Alphabet, all
heading to the White House next week to
sign a pledge they will generate their
own power for new data centers. And
finally, the Pentagon turning up the
heat on anthropic. Axios reporting the
following. Defense officials are wearing
a supply chain risk designation, a move
that would effectively blacklist the AI
giant from military contracts.
>> Look, this is actually incredibly
important. As Emory was mentioning, this
is a question of who holds the keys in
geopolitical conflict going forward. Is
it going to be the government? Is it
going to be the elected officials? Is it
going to be the heads of some of these
big tech companies? Ultimately,
Anthropic was saying, "We're going to
put limits on what you can do." And
Pentagon said, "Oh, no, you're not, and
we're going to penalize you if you do."
It really goes to jostling for leverage
at this tipping point in geopolitics
where suddenly the technology seems to
reign supreme. If they decide though to
basically say to Anthropic, you're a
supply chain risk. This is what we do to
companies that are foreign actors. So,
this would be huge. And I recently spoke
to the under secretary Emil Michael
about all of this. And really all this
was kickstarted after we found out that
Anthropic was used with the capturing of
Nicholas Maduro. They haven't said that
outright, but it's clearly obvious that
Anthropic is aware that they were used
in this and potentially maybe that was
one of their red lines. But he talked
about the fact that if you're going to
sell to the Department of War, we're
going to do Department of War things.
And he went on to talk about that
adversaries are certainly using AI in
bigger ways with bigger tolerances than
our US champions have. And that right
now has a lot of tension and they will
need to get to an understanding between
anthropic and DoD potentially what these
lines are that could be crossed or not.
>> I think we're all trying to figure out
where this company wants to be. Several
of these executives came out of OpenAI.
A lot of it was virtue signaling. More
recently have dropped a safety pledge.
You were talking about that yesterday in
a commercial break with me and now
they've got this kind of tension with
the administration over whether they're
going to be used for military
capabilities and things like that. What
is this company? Is it going to be a
virtue signaling company or is it going
to get back to business? Something in
between? Is it struggling at the moment
to know what it wants to be before it
goes public? And when you hear podcasts
or discussions with some of the
founders, you can feel that angst, that
kind of internal conflict where they
came at this with effective altruism.
And now they're coming at this with a
question of realistically who's in
charge because they are setting the
ethical framework for so much of society
going forward potentially. And right now
the government's challenging that and
saying we can use that however we want
to. And they're saying well we don't
know about that and it's causing a lot
of anxiety. I think it's the tolerance
that Anthropic is willing to tolerate
because the government has also said
that we will be consistent in our use
with mass surveillance laws and
regulation laws. It's just whether or
not Anthropic agrees. This is sort of
like the person who created
Frankenstein. At what point do they
realize they have to let go because it's
already created? And that ultimately is
what this feels like.
>> Are we at that moment? Let's keep it on
the geopolitics. Talks between the US
and Iran underway in Geneva.
The negotiations will be largely focused
on the the nuclear program and we hope
progress can be made because that's the
president's preference to make progress
on the diplomatic front. But it's also
important to remember that Iran refuses
refuses to talk about the ballistic
missiles to us or to anyone and that's a
big problem.
>> The Trump administration ramping up
pressure and imposing fresh sanctions on
entities that help Iran develop
ballistic missiles and advanced weapons.
Joining us now is Bloomberg's Tyler
Kendall. Morning Tyler.
Hey, John. Good morning. Well, as you
just heard, the White House maintains
that diplomacy is the first choice,
though military action remains firmly on
the table. As the Secretary of State
just outlined, it's our understanding
that this round of negotiations is
focused solely on the nuclear program
amid disagreements over whether the
country should have any domestic
enrichment capacity. The thing is, the
US has made clear that it wants to see
these other top agenda items included in
any potential deal. as Marco Rubio just
mentioned, Iran's ballistic missile
program as well as Iran's support for
proxy militia groups. And while
deadlines here in Washington often do
shift, keep in mind President Trump says
that Iran has until next week to reach a
deal. And experts have pointed out the
fact that the diplomatic dispute extends
beyond uh Iran's uranium enrichment.
That means that we are likely going to
see that potential list of targets the
US could be looking at for a potential
strike widen beyond just nuclear
facilities because as you all know there
has been this massive buildup of US
military assets in the region as Israel
confirmed yesterday that the US has
deployed F-22 fighter jets as well as
refueling planes to the country in a
move that has never been seen before.
John, you mentioned those other ways
that the US is exerting pressure,
including that new list of sanctions
that is targeting those entities that
help facilitate the sales of Iranian
weapons and oil. I have to say a new
analysis out by Bloomberg Economics
yesterday really struck me as they say
it is now more likely than ever that if
the US strikes, Iran would retaliate by
closing the straight of Hermuz. This is
something that has been long threatened
but hasn't been done. Though they do say
if such a closure happens, it would
likely be temporary. Tyler Kenner with
the latest in Washington. Tyler, thank
you. We'll catch up with Tyler a little
bit later this morning. Andrew Bishop of
Signnum Global writing, "President Trump
is not eager to go to war with Iran.
This means that if in doubt about
whether diplomacy can still succeed, he
will continue to give it a chance."
Andrew joins us now for more. Andrew,
welcome to the program. The US has
already demonstrated superior military
capability, and the Iranian government
has already demonstrated how stubborn
they're willing to be. Where is their
space for a diplomatic breakthrough?
So frankly, in terms of getting to an
actual agreement, I think there's very
little space. We've been optimistic. I
don't know if optimistic is the right
term, but ever since January 14, that
that fateful day when it it looked like
President Trump was going to strike.
Ever since that day and on that day,
we've continuously said that the
president was not going to strike uh for
several months. And that continues to be
our view. Not because we're optimistic
about, as you say, the substance of
these talks, but because we think the
president wants to drag them out for as
long as possible. both to see if there's
even the sliverst of of possibility of
getting a breakthrough, but also for
calendar reasons. We're in the middle of
Ramadan. You've got Naru's Persian New
Year. Liberating the Iranian people by
bombing them is not necessarily good PR.
And then President Trump is going to
China at the end of the of March. And we
all know that this would potentially be
a multi-week operation. I don't see how
uh bombing one of China's biggest
suppliers of oil right before visiting
Cinping is going to help extend the
trade truce.
>> So, when do you think this could start?
if Trump had to use this option of a
strike.
>> Yeah, we've we've said since January 13
that uh the most likely is after April
4, so essentially after he returns from
China,
>> but then that would be going into the
summer, which is peak driving season
here in the United States. Andrew, how
does the president weigh potentially
what a spike in oil would be? Tyler was
talking about the Iranians being willing
to close the straight of Hormuz to gas
prices in the United States ahead of a
midterm election.
>> Yep. That goes exactly back to both why
we think he's so reluctant overall and
then on your question about timing that
gets to the issue of the fact that uh
the Iranians are so hard-headed. I guess
my point and I do mean the government in
this instance. What I mean by that is I
think the president would like to get a
deal before April um but if we don't get
a deal then he will act. I mean what
what you see is what you get in terms of
this government's position on on
striking. They want a diplomatic deal.
if they really can't get one after
having tried and tried and tried, they
will bomb.
>> At the same time, Andrew, you could look
at the troop buildup in Iran and around
Iran. And you could look at the fact
that a lot of people are saying that if
there isn't some sort of military
incursion here, it's just going to be
kicking the can down the road because
ultimately Iran's not going to give get
rid of their ballistic missiles. I mean,
at what point is that a real pressure
point that challenges the thesis that
calls for dragging this out and a lack
of a conflict?
The argument makes perfect sense, but if
you follow, you know, open source
intelligence accounts and and the like,
you can point to about a 100red or 200
signals since mid January that suggested
an imminent attack, right? It's sort of
yes, we're prepositioning 24 F-35s and
then the following week it's 48 and then
really we needed 48 all along so 24
should not have been the signal. This
the goalpost keeps moving on this. So
it's not I don't disagree with the
logic. is just finding where that limit
is, we think is a little later. Um, and
this is very similar to what happened
with Maduro. Back in September, I
believe of last year, we wrote that
President Trump was likely to take out
Maduro, but he he would take a lot of
time. He would he would not be rushed
into it. And by November, December,
people were saying it has to happen now
because we've deployed all this
firepower. The truth is the president
can afford to run the tab. And even from
an operational standpoint, he does have
the several weeks that he wants. Andrew,
as you know, Thran and the Iranian
economy right now is really struggling.
How well funded are Iranian proxies in
the region right now? What other
capabilities to cause disruption if Iran
needs them to?
>> So, their funding went through a hard
period uh following the the the major
strikes and not I'm not just referring
to the June war of last year, but uh
Israel's overall operations across the
region, but they have really recovered
quite well. Um, if you take Hzbalah for
example, the smuggling routes for for
bringing in cash had to be rejigged, but
they have been rejigged. Um, the the
issue though is to be very transparent.
I don't think that the reaction function
of these proxies is going to depend that
much on funding. I think it's going to
be much more of a political decision.
And we have a a slightly nuanced
position at at Signum, which is we think
that Iran will retaliate extremely
forcefully. So the president's sort of
scenario of a limited strike, limited
retaliation is off the table, but not
necessarily, in fact, not with his
proxies. I think the proxies will
largely sit this one out for political
self-preservation reasons.
>> Andrew, could you describe what forceful
retaliation would look like then?
>> Yep. Uh, it's very simple. It's trying
to kill Americans and Israelis, which is
very different than what happened in
June and during the prior operations
where the main goal was trying to
demonstrate capability and sort of uh
you know show symbolic uh symbolic
action here. We think that they will try
to kill as many as possible. Um and from
the military experts we speak with it is
statistically extremely improbable that
we will have a war with Iran and no no
US casualties. Andrew, this is a serious
conversation and I think it's a question
we need to ask. When you say kill
Israelis and Americans, are you talking
about in the region around Iran or
beyond?
>> Both. Um, I think they'll have less
success beyond just because their
capabilities are less good beyond. I'm
I'm well aware that, you know, Hezbollah
and other groups have had success as far
out as Latin America and the like. So,
that's not inconceivable. But I do think
that there's a case to be made that
short-range ballistic missiles have a
better chance of killing American
troops, for example, than Iranian
operatives have at conducting a
successful terrorist operation in the
US, which has been largely off the table
for the past 25 years.
>> Andrew, appreciate your time. A serious
conversation. Thank you, sir. Andrew
Bishop there of Signnum Global. That is
some real highstakes stuff. When we talk
about objectives, objectives are one
thing. Are the risks worth pursuing
those objectives? That's the calculation
the administration's going to make. And
there's a reason why officials from
Trump 1 still have secret service
details and a lot of that has to do with
the killing of Kasamsulammani and that
they still have a target on their back
from this regime and we know that Iran
likes mass casualty events. So
potentially what could that look like
and obviously this is something the
administration is clearly thinking about
as they have this vast buildup in the
region.
>> We'll keep tracking that story. Less
serious of course is the price action.
But to get to that, futures this morning
slightly negative by a tenth of 1% on
the S&P 500. With an update on stories
elsewhere this morning with your
Bloomberg brief, Yhira has more. Hey
yhara.
>> Hi John. Tensions are escalating between
Cuba and the US. Cuban forces killed
four people who opened fire from a
speedboat [music] with Florida tags.
Cuba says the boat was carrying armed
Cuban exiles intent on entering the
country to fight against the government.
Secretary [music] of State Marco Rubio
said the US will investigate the
shooting.
India Prime Minister Narendra Modi
announcing closer defense, trade and
counterterrorism ties with Israel during
a rare [music] visit. Modi telling
Israeli parliament the defense
partnership is essential in today's
uncertain world. And both sides are
working to expand trade and investment.
And Paramount Skyance reporting fourth
quarter sales and earnings that beat
Wall Street expectations. The results
coming days after the company submitted
a new bid for rival Warner [music]
Brothers which is of course weighing
competing offers from Paramount and
Netflix. Warner Brothers reports
earnings [music] later this morning.
That's brief. Johnhara, thank you. More
from Yihara in about 30 minutes from
now. Up next on the program, a major
software slump.
>> Software companies understand AI better
than anybody else. They actually have an
opportunity to increase margins even
further. It's just the market's ignoring
that right now. It's time to talk about
Salesforce. [music] Greg Moscowitz of
Missouo joins us next live from New York
City. You're watching Bloomberg TV.
>> [music]
>> There really is very little drama at the
index level within 1% of alltime highs
and this morning down by not even a
tenth of 1%. The NASDAQ down by.1
[music]
following a two-day rally of 2.5%. The
drama is just the idea [music] that
we're getting these fantastic earnings
in tech from the likes of say Nvidia and
the stock isn't rallying. The stock is
up by 0.9%.
And looking at the numbers this morning,
Brammo [music]
to go through the figures again. Revenue
up 73%, margins 75%, [music] the outlook
better than expected and overwhelmingly
the analyst community getting behind
this name. And yet still here we are
just up.9%. [music]
>> Frankly, it's leaving a mystery of what
will it take for people to get
enthusiastic given that these shares
have risen so much. I mean, this is
nearly [music] a $5 trillion name. So
clearly a lot baked in. Nonetheless,
this was pretty fantastic on all counts,
even including a broadening out in
customer base. Is there something else
that they need to see?
>> D I of Wbush about 30 minutes away. He's
got a 300 price target on the name. We
trade at 197 in the pre-market at the
moment. Salesforce in focus as well
under Sylvanas this morning. A major
software slump.
>> Software companies understand AI better
than anybody else. Software companies
don't sell software, they sell services.
Software [music] is a cost for them. And
that cost is now going down very
substantially because AI is the best at
writing code. And so they actually have
an opportunity to increase margins even
further. It's just the markets ignoring
that right now.
>> So here's the latest this morning. A
soft outlook [music] from Salesforce
sending the stock lower and fueling
investor concerns in the sector. Greg
Moscowitz of Missouo lowering his price
target but remaining optimistic writing
the following. We see a high likelihood
of organic revenue reaceleration and
believes Salesforce remains committed to
profitable growth. Greg joins us now for
more. Greg, welcome to the program.
We'll talk about the growth numbers and
the outlook. I actually want to start
with the buyback because this has been a
lingering question for a lot of people
over the sell-off of the last several
months or so. Why these companies
haven't stepped in and bought their own
stock and then Salesforce did it and
announced a major buyback and it's
failed to underpin confidence in the
name. Greg, just on that specifically,
what was your reaction?
Uh well, first of all, thank you very
much for for having me. Uh it's it's
welcome. Uh frankly, Salesforce is not
the first company in our space that has
done done this has that has stepped up
recently and has just said, you know
what, from our perspective, there's too
much intrinsic value in the stock. We
are going to put our money where our
mouth is and uh accelerate our buyback.
Now, it's a $50 billion authorization.
What Salesforce has not said is how much
more aggressive they will be in the near
term, in the medium term. So that
remains to be seen. Uh but they made it
very clear yesterday that they see
uncommon value uh in the stock here. Uh
that being said, um is it enough to
overcome the negative narrative that
exists right now that uh in that uh AI
is going to be this disruptive force for
uh so many software companies um uh uh
or or disruptive force to so many
software companies. In other words, uh
uh causing uh uh decelerating growth, uh
causing more issues with um SASbased
models in particular. Uh that narrative
is very extreme right now. Uh it's very
strong. It's having um an overwhelming
effect on a lot of these names,
including Salesforce. In my opinion, the
buyback announcement is not going to be
enough to uh to offset that uh right
now. With that in mind, Greg, as you
think about the runway, the path
forward, the calendar from here, how
much longer, how much more time does
this name need to demonstrate that they
can counter that narrative?
>> It it's a terrific question and I think
um really Jonathan, it comes down to
acceleration. Now um uh it has been a
while since we've seen accelerating
growth from Salesforce. They are telling
us now that they expect that will happen
in the second half of this fiscal year.
Uh so we're about um uh you know in our
opinion that's going to happen in Q3 of
fiscal 27. So we're threequarters away
from that occurring. If that does in
fact happen, we think um uh then
investors can start to uh have more
confidence in this business. Uh the
durability of it, uh the growth
algorithm starts to look a little bit
better. I would also point out that
their productive sales reps are up 15%
year-over-year. If you go back 12 months
ago, that was just flat. So Salesforce
themselves is seeing uh uh more reason
to invest behind these trends. Uh the
real driver is what they call agent
force. Uh this is their agent-based uh
AI software. It frankly got off to a
very slow start in calendar 2025. The
last couple of quarters and especially
this one, it has really picked up. It
was at 540 million in annualized
recurring revenue last quarter. It's now
at 800 million. Uh so the growth is
starting to compound. And in calendar
2026, we think that's going to start to
have a measurable impact on the overall
growth for this company.
>> To be clear, agent force is a slew of
autonomous AI agents that can do the
whole process end to end, whether it's
uh sales, service, marketing, etc. Greg,
it feels like the profitability
acceleration that people are looking for
in Salesforce has to come from the
expense of either human capital or in
terms of gaining market share from other
potential software providers. it doesn't
feel like it's a winner takes all type
of environment. Which avenue do you
think will allow them to accelerate
revenues? Who loses?
>> Uh so I agree this is certainly not a
winner take all uh environment or or
situation as it pertains to uh to
Salesforce or the space more uh more
broadly. Now where we see agent force
being most uh applicable uh certainly
over the medium term is in uh customer
support uh what they used to call their
service cloud business. Uh secondarily
uh we see a real opportunity within
certain aspects of salescloud which of
course is their CRM business that uh uh
that they you know have been known for
and and really the roots of the company.
Conversely you mentioned marketing and
commerce that is a real pain point for
Salesforce. that growth has been
decelerating. Uh we are not expecting
that to pick up in calendar 2026 either.
I think that's going to continue to be a
thorn in the side of Salesforce. Having
said that, it's also a smaller business
than ServiceCloud and SalesCloud. And so
we still think on a net basis, you're
going to see uh uh some more meaningful
trends around Agent Force and what it
means for the growth of this company.
>> You sound pretty positive and yet you
lowered your price target to $265 from
$280. Why?
Uh well uh in our opinion this was uh a
bit of a mixed quarter slightly
underwhelming there. Uh CRPO what they
call current current uh remaining
performance obligations. That's
Salesforce's most important metric. Uh
it was 13% on a constant currency basis
13% year-over-year growth. That's not
bad but it was right in line with
guidance. Usually we see Salesforce do a
little bit better than that. Uh also
their organic revenue growth was uh a
little bit below where where we and
consensus had expected. uh for this
quarter. So again, I'd say a little bit
underwhelming um uh and we're being
reflective of that in our price target.
It does not however change our view of
accelerating growth in 2026. And our
price target of course does still
reflect substantial upside versus where
the stock is trading today.
>> Hey Greg, I know yesterday evening was
busy for you. Thanks for making time for
us early this morning. We appreciate it.
Thank you. Greg Moskovitz there of Misuo
on Salesforce that name down this
morning by close to three to four%
softer. You're not going to get it done
with one quarter and a stock buyback.
You're going to need to see this
performance repeated quarter after
quarter and demonstrate more [music]
confidence in the outlook
>> and monetization and where the channels
are going to come from. And that is a
continuing question at a time. Where is
that monetization going to come from?
>> Up next on the program, we'll catch up
with Emily Roland of John Hancock, Dan
Ies of Wedbush, Lumen Technologies
[music] President and CEO Kate Johnson,
plus Matt Bril of Invesco. The second
hour of Bloomberg Surveillance is just
around [music] the corner.
Now is the time for the economy to be
really accelerating and there's not much
evidence that that's actually happening.
>> I'm really nervous about the economy for
the next few months. There's a lot of
different forces pulling in different
directions.
>> Right now, recession seems a long way
off.
>> We think in an [music] environment where
the Fed maybe still has one to two rate
cuts ahead of it.
>> This is Bloomberg Surveillance with
[music] Jonathan Pharaoh, Lisa
Abramowitz, and An Marie Hordern.
>> Live from New York City this morning.
Good morning. Good morning. For our
audience worldwide, the second hour of
Bloomberg surveillance starts right
[music] now. Your scores. The price
action looks like this. Equity futures
pretty much unchanged on the S&P 500
following two days of decent gains led
[music] by tech software doing nicely
until this morning. The NASDAQ futures
are down by let's call it a tenth of 1%.
Two names to look at. Let's start with
Salesforce. Salesforce cannot get out of
the penalty box. That name is down by
3.6% even with a $50 billion stock
buyback. The other name, the obvious
one, Nvidia. Fantastic numbers. And yet
here we are. The stock is only up by 1%
in early trading. And it's a tale of two
different industries, right? Nvidia got
it done. Nothing you could poke a hole
with in terms of their earnings report.
The increase year-over-year is just
tremendous. The fact [music] they've got
75% profit margins. What can't they
charge their hyperscaler customers with
respect to uh Salesforce? A bit of a
different story because they didn't show
the acceleration and growth that a lot
of people were looking for. Nonetheless,
what will it take given the fact that
Mark Benny off sounds very happy. He's
talking about not the Sascopolis, but
the [music] Sasquatch, which again I'm
trying to wrap my head around. But
nonetheless, it does seem like this
market is permanently [music] in what
was it again? AI derangement syndrome.
Yes, I think that that's exactly uh
perhaps where we are.
>> Ed, if you had any research calling that
phrase a little bit earlier this
morning, Emily Ron's going to join us in
a moment. She said this, it's like
Nvidia's winning the game, but investors
are giving participation prizes out to
all the other players. [music]
>> It seems like right now, Nvidia is the
ultimate winner of $650 billion of capex
spending from four hyperscalers. Yet
people are looking beyond that and
saying actually it might be beneficial
for everyone or for nobody. There are a
lot of unanswered questions [music]
and a lot of these papers that are going
viral about whether it will completely
eradicate white collar jobs. I'm talking
about the deployment of AI go to the
heart of the fear. Can it be that we get
the sort of nirvana-like productivity
boom that leads to uh benefits for all
or are we going to end up in the same
postglobalization reality that you've
talked about where suddenly bluecollar
jobs were shipped overseas? Is it going
to be a similar [music] kind of
apocalypse in the white collar space? We
can't answer that question. Even Fed
officials themselves are struggling
[music] right now.
>> Well, as they struggle, what I found
interesting this morning is whether it's
Frankly or Angelo Xeno talking about the
fact that what they had from [music]
Nvidia, what they delivered is
everything they expected. Both of these
analysts said they didn't tell us
anything new, which is [music] probably
why maybe we're not seeing the stock
actually take off that matches the
numbers that are just absolutely
blockbuster from the company.
>> Speaking of earnings, numbers from
Warner Brothers Discovery just dropping.
Yharu will get you up to speed on the
details of that in just a moment. But in
some ways, the numbers kind of don't
matter anymore, [music] right? You're
following the the earnings coming out of
this stock out of Paramount and you're
sitting there thinking the same thing.
Who wins the race for this one name
>> and evidently people can't throw enough
money at a company that is losing money,
right? I mean, we're looking right now,
we're talking about how Nvidia is
minting cash. I mean, hundreds of
billions of dollars coming in their
doors. We're talking about Warner
Brothers losing uh sort of declining in
revenues losing about 10 cents per share
versus the estimate of 3.8 cents a share
and you're seeing subscribers come in
light doesn't matter because ultimately
this is going to be somebody else's
problem and somebody else's opportunity
and [music] frankly it's a different
kind of drama.
>> Stand by. We'll get you more details on
that name in just a moment. Coming up on
the hour we'll catch up with Emily Ron
of John Hancock as the equity market
rally stalls. Dan Ives of Wedbush as
strong Nvidia earnings struggle to
impress. Matt Brill of Invesco as AI
capex debt continues to swell. We begin
this out as big tech struggles to
impress. A blowout quarter for Nvidia
failing to spark a market rally. Emily
Ron of John Hancock Investment
Management writing the following. It's
amazing the market doesn't seem to care.
It's like Nvidia is winning the game,
but investors are giving participation
prices out to all the other players.
Emily joins us now for more. Emily,
welcome. I think a lot of people feel
the same way this morning looking at
those numbers yesterday evening, looking
at the price action this morning and
everybody asking themselves the
question, what is going on?
>> Yeah, John, there is never been anything
like this in US corporate history. 80%
year-over-year earnings growth. The
estimate was 57% on a $5 trillion
company. Like this is just so
remarkable. And then you look you wake
up this morning and you look at the
relative winners again and it's it's the
Cosby. It's, you know, Europe, it's the
CAC, it's everything else except US
technology companies. You know, the
market cap of Nvidia hasn't really
changed very much over the past six
months. And meanwhile, we've just seen
massive multiple expansion, massive uh
changes in terms of the size of pretty
much every other company on the planet.
Um, we've been talking about this sort
of idea of March Madness coming up. Uh,
to us, it's momentum madness that we're
watching. And you think about the
brackets, it's Spain, it's the Cosby, um
it's Europe, it's silver, and that's
really where the focus has been. And the
markets are really not all that
impressed by Nvidia. Pretty remarkable
to us given the strength of the
earnings, the margins, the revenues
there.
>> Emily, you saw it as soon as the year
started, straight out of the gate. The
Cosby off to the races. South Korean
equities are up by close to 50% year to
date. We're not even two full months
into the year. You talk about the
momentum. The team's going to have
plenty of questions about tech and
what's happening state side, but the
momentum that's happening elsewhere. Do
you really want to fight that right now?
>> I mean, momentum, as we know, is a
really powerful force. Matt Miskin and I
have been watching the Cosby for about a
year now. It's up 160%.
Over a one-year basis, and we're always
trying to square that with what the fun
fundamentals look like and what the the
economic picture looks like in some of
these countries. You know, you look for
example at Europe. Um the estimate for
earnings growth this quarter was 3%.
They barely beat that and that European
equities are on fire. In the United
States, the earnings growth estimate for
this quarter was 8% and we're coming in
at 15%. That's almost double. Technology
companies just produced 33%
year-over-year earnings growth in the
United States. It's not getting
rewarded. Look at Japan. Their stock
market's on fire. Guess what their GDP
growth is? It's zero. They just missed a
technical recession. So, it's just hard
to really square this momentum, this
sentiment, this technicals that are
driving these markets with what's really
happening underneath the surface. We
want to participate in this, but
investors might want to think about
right sizing positions in a market
that's been driven by momentum.
>> At the same time, Emily, US markets have
already benefited from momentum, right?
Right. I mean, if you look at Nvidia
shares, they've gone from $3 essentially
at the beginning of 2019 to almost $200
today. I mean, it's been a tremendous
blowout in terms of market
capitalization. How can you understand
even when we're talking about such big
numbers what that's baking in and how
many more multiples to price in at a
time where there are many beneficiaries
clearly and the race is very uh very
intense.
>> Yeah, absolutely. And the earnings
engine is on in the United States. So
when we think about valuations, we
really care a lot more about the
denominator. Um, and we've seen that um,
especially in some of these AI
beneficiaries, but we just saw so much
momentum. To your point last year, it's
just going to be hard to repeat that to
continue to compound that. So we
understand this idea that there's
catch-up potential in other areas of the
market, but we are always following
earnings. We believe that stock prices
follow profits over time, and that's
where the earnings are. Now, do you need
to protect against the valuation risk
that's inherent in some of these big
large cap companies, tech companies in
the United States? Absolutely. So, what
we're doing is we're looking at uh sort
of our favorite more quality cyclical
areas of the market. Industrials have
been a top idea for us for quite some
time. We're going down in market cap and
looking at midcap stocks which have
elevated earnings growth prospects and
at least like reasonable valuations in a
world where everything is expensive
right now. So, it's about owning tech.
It's about looking for the earnings,
following the profits, but then
diversifying from that down in market
cap and looking for quality value.
>> Emily, is it a contradiction to go down
in market cap, to go to smaller, riskier
companies and also like highquality
bonds? I mean, is there a contradiction
here betting on the reaceleration of the
economy on one hand, but then on sort of
the opposite on the other?
>> So, great question. So, it's a key
reason that we're overweight mid versus
small cap stocks. We look at small caps,
they're lower quality. You know, 40% of
the Russell 2000 index is comprised of
unprofitable companies. We really prefer
to be up in in cap to midcaps, which are
not our parents midcap stocks anymore.
These are pretty large companies. Um,
but on the fixed income side, that's an
area that we just think is mispriced.
You know, with with the 10-year Treasury
yield still over 4%. Um, there's
opportunity, especially in the
intermediate part of the curve here, to
lean into that. Bonds returned four to
five or seven to eight% like very
quietly last year. We think that can
happen again. Now there's not as much
value on the shorter end of the curve.
Now you know given the moves there.
Investors can benefit from roll down.
They can get income. We don't think that
bond investors are sniffing out the
disinflation and the lower growth that's
coming down the pipeline. Uh and that's
an area that we think offers some
relative value across markets. Emily, if
if investors like utilities, materials,
and some of these more tangible assets,
aren't they also part of the AI trade,
you have to have a case that the AI
buildout is going to be real?
>> Oh, that's a huge part of it. Um, these
are traditionally more defensive assets,
but they're also benefiting from the
buildout um of data centers around AI.
We're looking at industrial production,
automation, robotics as key themes. So
these sort of old school, you know,
parts of the the economy, parts of the
market are also, you know, benefiting
from this this AI buildout, you know,
the lack of supply um that's needed in
order to build the infrastructure here.
So you know, we're looking at that as an
opportunity um again to sort of look at
the the tertiary beneficiaries of AI
here. So, wouldn't the market view that
as the AI trade is real and when you see
blockbuster results like you have from
Nvidia overnight that you would want to
buy into it even more this morning?
>> Yeah, absolutely. And but I think in
Marie the challenge is just the size of
this. You know, you look at how
important the market has become to the
economy and it's just remarkable.
Consumer net worth right now sitting at
a record $176 trillion. the stock market
at $60 trillion dwarfs the size of the
US economy right now. So we've seen this
incredible capital appreciation that's
been driven by AI as being the most
important thing. Um the market is like
the tail that's wagging the dog of the
economy and it it's usually the
opposite. Um, so we want to think about
diversification given the fact that
there's so much wealth that's
concentrated in AI and it puts us in a
little bit of a precarious position if
we do see a challenge here. You know,
there's a lot that's been written of
course as of late around software uh
companies and the obsolescence
potentially there. We think that is
overdone, but we've got to think about
how much of a risk there is given this
massive wealth concentration in the AI
trade and think about other ways, other
assets to own to diversify from that.
Whether it's infrastructure, whether
it's bonds, uh whether it's utilities,
etc.
>> Emily, it's good to see you as always.
Thanks for jumping on. Emily Ron there
of John Hancock. It's easy to forget how
big some of these companies are. More
than 4.5 trillion. Imagine telling
someone 40 years ago that the biggest
company on the planet would be close to
$5 trillion. Nvidia is something like
4.7. US GDP in the mid 80s was about
$4.5 trillion. These companies are
massive
>> which is a reason why as we're saying
that Nvidia is barely moving or barely
responding up almost a percent is up
almost $50 billion. So I mean we're
talking about not nothing. Uh so at a
certain point are we just reaching uh
sort of warp speed here and any
incremental gains is just a massive
amount of money. Still
>> futures so far this morning just about
unchanged on both the NASDAQ and on the
S&P 500 with an update on stories
worldwide this morning with your
Bloomberg brief. Let's cross over to
Yhara for more. Hey Yahara.
>> Hi John. World's Economic Forum Chief
Borga Brande is stepping [music] down
over his ties to Jeffrey Epstein. In a
statement, Brenda said it's time for the
forum to continue its important work
without distractions. [music]
The W thanked Brenda for his
contributions and leading a successful
meeting in Davos in January while
announcing [music] a new interim
president.
Meanwhile, shares of Warner Brothers
Discovery edging higher in the
pre-market following its earnings
release [music] just moments ago. The
company reporting adjusted EBA for the
quarter that beat the average analyst
estimate. [music]
The results coming as the bidding war
for Warner Brothers is heating up.
Investors awaiting the final word on
whether Netflix [music] or Paramount's
Guidance will seize control of the
Hollywood giant. And over in London,
Rolls-Royce shares [music] hitting a
record high. The company announcing a
record stock buyback of nearly $12
billion over the next two years.
Rolls-Royce also raising its mid-year
earnings target thanks to orders for
aircraft engines and power systems due
to AI. That's your Bloomberg [music]
brief. John
>> Yara, thank you. More from Yahara later
this hour. Up next on the program,
Nvidia struggling to impress. I think
right now the street really more focused
about the risk tied to AI more so than
the growth opportunities here long term
from AI and um I think that the street's
really trying to grasp the two sides.
>> So if you want the bull case you speak
to the bull himself. Dan Ives of WBUS
joins us next live from New York City
this morning. Good [music] morning.
So things at the index level feel really
snoozy once again within 1% [music] I
think now within 0.5% of alltime highs
on the S&P just about unchanged so this
morning on the S&P on the NASDAQ
unchanged as well. Talked lots about
Salesforce. More to come on Nvidia.
Check out the banks as well. City
yesterday had a really decent day
[music] up by more than 4%. City this
morning down by about a tenth. A great
note out from the team at Morgan Stanley
on the most defensible stocks [music]
and some of their picks on the bank side
of things. City, Bank of America, State
Street. Here's the quote from them.
Regulatory intensity, [music] balance
sheet requirements, relationshipdriven
models limit disintermediation. AI
drives productivity gains across
operations, risk, and client service,
supporting sustained operating leverage.
This is why from an AI [music]
perspective, some of the analysts over
at Morgan Stanley like a few of these
names
>> because ultimately the big are going to
benefit that much more from their
platforms as well as the fact that
people need to go out and actually talk
with their clients. We've heard this
from the likes [music] of many people at
City Wealth and beyond. A question of
who then this is a detriment for, right?
And we've seen that kind [music] of
cannibalization from other wealth
management platforms. Is it going to be
everyone benefits in this sort of
nirvana-like productivity boom or are we
looking at truly the winners and losers
and the market's trying to figure out
who's who's who?
>> It just seems at the moment, Brema,
we're spending too much time thinking
about who loses. The fear has taken us
in that direction and not enough time,
not sufficiently and not enough time to
focus on who's winning at the moment or
who might win further down the line and
why.
>> It [music] seems like right now people
are saying that the US is priced to win
and right now we're not sure whether
everyone's going to win in the same way.
So we're just going to go invest in the
Cosby and that essentially is what
people are doing even though there are
going to be some very big winners which
is the reason why you're seeing Walmart
for example really benefit but why
wouldn't the biggest banks also be on
the other end of that
>> a close to 50% move on South Korean
equities yeah today is just phenomenal
under surveillance this morning Nvidia
struggling to impress
>> it's this changing AI narrative that
you're seeing across the markets right
and um I think right now the street
really more focused about the risk tied
to AI more so than the growth
opportunities here long term from AI and
um I think the industry is really trying
to grasp the two sides, but right now
they're they're really focused on this
the the risk tied to to the AI site.
>> So here's the latest this morning.
Blockbuster earnings and a strong
forecast from Nvidia failing to spark a
market rally. Concerns rising that an
overheated AI economy may weigh on
growth. Dan Ives of Wbush raising its
price target on the stock to 300 and
writing this. Nvidia is at the beginning
of this transformational superstar
narrative playing out for the tech
world. Dan joins us now for more. Dan,
welcome to the show. I'm going to repeat
myself. I feel like a broken record, but
it's got to be asked. If that's the
case, why has this stock done nothing
for 4 months?
>> Look, I I think right now I mean the
streets is glass half empty view. You
look at these numbers, these are Michael
Jordan. Like I mean in terms of the you
know the beat that you saw in data
center the 78 billion for next quarter
that's that's almost call it 5 to 700
bits above street. Look I think you know
you hit it right now everyone focus on
the losers how AI is going to hurt. The
reality is is that it's all about capex
numbers and data center demand. Well you
saw from Nvidia the AI bubble
essentially gets thrown out the window.
And look, I think this is a stock that's
ultimately like up three to 5% today.
And and in my opinion, like $300 as we
talk about, that's probably base case to
where this ultimately goes. I think
we're just in one of those narratives.
You follow the numbers, superstar
performance.
>> And yet, Dan, you follow the market
response, too. And the market's telling
you that much of what you're saying is
well understood and well priced. And now
we're starting to get our hands around
what the transition is going to look
like to Reuben from here. starting to
understand potential constraints, maybe
even deceleration in capex from here.
Dan, what's your response to all of
those things?
>> Yeah, my response would be if you look
at physical AI today, it's less than 3%
of revenues for Nvidia. And I could
argue that's probably going to be 15 to
20%. When you look at next few years,
that's not factored in. I think the
street continues. If you think about
over the last few years, Nvidia, they
underestimate what the demand is going
to look like. And when you look at the
trillions of dollars of spending over
the next few years, there's one chip in
the world fueling it. But it's the
derivative impacts I think Jensen hit on
in terms of the software doomsday trade.
Right now I call it AI ghost trade. I
mean software is going to play a huge
role in terms of the use cases and
that's and that that's another ripple
effect in terms of AI. Dan, the fact
that they had 75% margins to me
indicates they can charge whatever they
want, that the demand is so great that
they can raise prices significantly more
than their input costs. And I just
wonder where is the competitive mode
around that, right? I mean, how much
better are their chips right now that
allow them to charge whatever they want
at a time where AMD is trying to come
after them. Broadcom's trying to fashion
chips for Microsoft and Google and all
the others in order to compete with
them.
>> Yeah. Because right now it's their
world. Everyone else is paying rent. And
and I think if you look I'd say they're
probably three to four years ahead of
any competitor. Look, they're a third
rate chip and H200 restricted in China
even though obviously no revenues.
That's better than Huawei probably by a
year or two. Now look, obviously
competition is going to continue to
increase over time. Big tech will build
their own chips, but right now demand
the supply is 12 to1 for Nvidia chips.
And that's why when you look at those
margins, you look at numbers, I I mean
the fact, you know, that this is a stock
that's under 200 relative to where I
think ultimate earnings is going to play
out. I continue to view it as a table
pounder name despite obviously a muted
reaction at least initially.
>> Well, Dan, how much do you see actually
some competition being posed from the
others? AMD got a lot of attention this
week due to their arrangement with Meta.
I just wonder given how much they have
raised prices and given the fact that
not everybody needs a Michael Jordan.
Some people just need an average college
coach or even a high school coach to
help them get to the next phase of a
technology. I mean, where do you see
some of the pull coming from in terms of
competitors?
>> Yeah. Look, and if Nvidia is the Jordan,
like AMD could be the Scotty Pippen,
right? I mean, the point is like AMD is
going to play a huge role. Micron's
going to play a role. you look down like
in terms of TSMC and just the whole
derivatives on the supply chain. Look,
obviously Intel is trying to get into
the game, but just the reality is is
that Nvidia is so far ahead, but but you
think about the spillover. Meta can't
get enough chips from Nvidia. They're
going to have to go to AMD. And that's
why AMD is one of our, you know, the
Ives AI30 and it's a core winner in
terms of everything Lisa Sue is doing.
It speaks to just this overall market
opportunity. you're going to have
trillions of dollars spent and also for
every dollar spent on Nvidia chips or
even overall capex 8 to10 multiplier
across the rest of tech that speaks to
what I view on software on
infrastructure street is massively
mispricing the ripple effects that's
going to happen here
>> a risk of totally danding the
conversation and pulling a TK everyone
wants to know who Dennis Rodman is no D
who's Dennis Rodman of the chip world
>> I mean look look I think if you had to
do Dennis Rodman here. That'd probably
be the Palanteer.
>> Yeah,
>> if I kind of had to put that in there to
maybe go into that narrow.
>> That's a good response. I think I might
like that, too.
>> I'm actually I'm impressed on the spot
with that. And maybe the Steve Carr
would be the Microsoft.
>> There we go. Something sensible. That
makes sense. Dan, let's talk about
another name. Salesforce. You've got an
outperform rating on the name 325 price
target. That name is really, really
struggling. Why are you sticking with
it? We're at 184 and we're down 3% of
the pre-market.
It's because it's my view. It goes back
to I think the most disconnected
narrative in tech that I've seen in my
career is the software doomsday
narrative. Salesforce look, have they
struggled in terms of monetizing AI?
Yeah. And I think Benoff would admit
that. But they will be a winner over the
next 12, 18, 24 months in AI. And it
speaks to my view like call it 2 3% of
revenue today that's called AI impacted.
That's going to be 25% by next year. and
and I think they're they're laying out
with agent forests the narrative they're
starting to monetize and I just look at
the stock relative to free cash flow. I
mean, I view this as kind of a 10%
downside. You know what I ultimately
think could be a double in terms of the
upside. And that's why that riskreward I
view as a table pound here. I get right
now New York City cab drivers bearish in
sales force, bearish in service now. But
this will be viewed as the time to own
these software names and that continues
to be our view and our thesis.
>> We'll see if that's the case. No doubt
we'll catch up in a month and we'll see
where the prices have taken us. Dan,
good to see you. Dan O there of Wbush.
Salesforce down in the pre-market.
Nvidia is struggling to rally a lot of
these things. We understand a bull case
and yet here we are with fantastic
numbers behind us and we're not getting
that rally in the name.
>> Yeah, we're getting just a marginal
rally because there just still are so
many questions. I will just say
commentary from the audience. Thank you
for this uh going down a dangerous
basketball analogy road abort. So I
think that um I will I will avoid I will
stand clear of talking about does Robin,
but I thought that was actually pretty
pretty
>> What kind of trouble do they think
you're going to get in? [music]
>> Um embarrassing myself.
>> Oh, okay. like horribly, you know, the
whole touch.
>> I would have run out of basketball
player names after that.
>> I was about to say I want to know who
>> should get through like the '90s Bulls.
I've not got [laughter] much left. So
then go to Kobe and LeBron and then kind
of stop there.
>> Yeah. Well, I'm not going to try. Few
other take your advice. Thank you
>> as well. I'll take that advice, too. Up
next on the program, terrible product,
the NBA right now.
>> Oh my god. Of course, we went back
there.
>> Living Technologies President CEO Kate
Johnson joins us next.
>> [music]
>> How did I forget Alan Iverson?
Fantastic player.
>> I thought you said that we were going to
stop that.
>> That's when the product was good.
>> Oh. Oh, really? So, you're still going
to go back to that?
>> That's when the product was good.
>> You want to go back?
>> Now, the product is not [music] very
good.
>> Why is it not good, John?
>> It's a tedious thing to watch.
>> I find it's fun in person.
>> The players aren't as good. And LeBron,
and [music] I'm going to get stick for
this. LeBron throws himself on the floor
all the time. And given that he's like
the guy, the franchise guy right now for
the NBA,
>> not what Jordan was.
>> Slippery, slippery slope though when you
talk about probably gonna get a lot of
hate.
>> And when you get football and some of
the people in terms of Oh, oh my god, my
left arm.
>> Sure.
>> You know,
>> but these guys are like 7'4 and 250 lbs.
[laughter]
>> Okay, fair. This is not I I abort.
Abort. Abort. I'm going to just abort
right now.
>> See?
>> We can do that later.
>> Bloomfield.
>> Okay.
>> And they're the world champions,
Jonathan. All right, forgive [laughter]
me.
>> I thought you should know that.
>> I didn't expect I didn't expect it
synchronicity.
>> I didn't expected a self intro. I didn't
expected [music] a self intro. We'll do
that in a moment. All right, stand by.
More to come. Looking forward to this
conversation. Futures right now on the
[music] S&P positive by not even a tenth
of 1% on the S&P 500. On the NASDAQ,
just about unchanged. Some single names
out there worth having a look at. Before
we get to it, I want to talk about the
commodity market. crude down for five
sessions, the longest run since August,
pulling back even as geopolitical risk
stays heightened. WTI is down by another
2%. WTI crude this morning 64 up double
digits on the year so [music] far, but
bit of push back over the previous 5
days.
>> Yeah, push back because today we have
diplomatic table [music] happening right
now in Geneva. You have the US officials
meeting. They had breakfast this morning
with the Omani foreign minister and they
meeting with the Iranian counterparts.
potentially there is an off-ramp to what
we've seen in terms of the really insane
military hardware right now in the
region. And we heard from Signum earlier
and they say they don't think anything
in terms of a strike would happen just
yet. That may be a few months out.
>> Leaf Flop is what I just got. Literally
messages from Bloomberg subscribers.
Leaf Flop instead of LeBron.
>> Yeah, there you go.
>> People agree with you.
>> Bad product. Two hours away from the
cash open. Morning movers with Danny
Burgerer. Hey Danny.
>> Hey John. Yeah, some important ones this
morning and Nvidia is the one everybody
is [music] checking and I guess it's
good that the shares are now moving up.
It was this big narrative of a
disappointment, but for Nvidia, I mean,
options were pricing a 3% move in either
direction. So, 1.6% is quite tame. A
huge beat for fourth quarter revenue,
70% above expectations. First quarter
beats as well. But, of course, there's
just always kind of like the whisper
[music] number with Nvidia that people
are always expecting more. They did
point out, especially for their gaming
division, which obviously makes a
smaller slice of the [music] pie now,
that they are still contending with a
memory chip shortage. And that was
enough to spur an even bigger move for a
different stock this morning. Let's
check out what SanDisk is doing because
it is the biggest gainer of the mega cap
companies this morning of the S&P 500 up
3.2%.
Uh again, just because of those comments
from Nvidia that there's this memory
chip shortage, which we already know
about, but that was enough to move
SanDisk disc. Also looking at some
breaking news just in the past 30
minutes. Victory Capital coming in with
a new bid for asset manager Janice
Henderson. $49 a share. They say that
this uh um they say that this beats out
what was already agreed upon for a bid
from uh Trion and General Catalyst.
Again, that deal was already agreed
upon, but Victory Capital coming out
this morning saying we have a superior
bid. We're offering more money. Shares
are being priced at $53 perhaps. We
might have a bidding war on our hands.
John. [music]
>> Danny, thank you. Appreciate the update.
More from Danny in the next hour. On our
radar this morning, results from Nvidia
failing to impress Wall Street. The
company facing a critical shortage of
memory chips and uncertainty in the
Chinese market. The CEO insisting the AI
boom is delivering massive profits.
Elsewhere, Amazon's full $50 billion
OpenAI investment is reportedly on the
line. According to the information, the
deal hinges on OpenAI going public or
reaching human level intelligence. And
finally, the Netflix co-CEO reportedly
heading to the White House today.
According to Politico, Sarendos will
discuss the company's potential
acquisition of Warner Brothers. The
visit also following pressure from
President Trump to fire the Netflix
board member Susan Rice.
>> This is the speculation we've been
hearing. Is this going to be ultimately
a question of Larry Ellison versus some
of the board members at Netflix and who
is the political preference of this
administration? This whole thing makes
me uncomfortable because when you start
talking about antitrust, how does this
play into that? I mean, where does the
regulatory over uh over overlords think
about this in terms of who you say yes
to and who you say no to? Is it about
anti-rust and competitive or is it about
maybe something else?
>> Who is the regulatory overlord in this
case? Is it just one man in the White
House? Is that what this comes down to?
>> Potentially, but we don't even know
actually if the Netflix CEO is going to
be meeting with President Trump. We just
know he's going to the White House.
substantial is going to meet with some
staff. But I was thinking about when I
heard about he's going to the White
House. It comes after President Trump
said you got to get rid of the board
member Susan Rice. Remember when Trump
said that Intel had to get rid of their
CEO and then all of a sudden they were
best friends and Trump made an equity
stake in buying Netflix. You actually
don't you actually don't know what the
you think you might know the outcome
might be. You actually don't know based
on what happened in the past.
>> It's a really good point. The stock is
up this morning by 3/4 to 1%. No one
thinks he's buying Netflix. Just to
clarify, let's keep it on tech. Convidia
CEO Jensen Wang saying $700 billion in
AIdriven spending from hyperscalers this
year might not be enough. Lumin
Technologies staking its claim in the
race to develop AI infrastructure. The
company announcing a new partnership
with Anthropic to build out a fiber
network across North America. The Lumin
Technologies president and CEO Kate
Johnson joins us now for more. Kate,
good to see you. I should say hello
properly this time. Do you want to start
in Luminfield in Seattle first? Should
we start there?
>> I think we covered it.
>> When did that relationship begin?
uh the Seahawks in and Luminina maybe 20
years ago the sponsorship. Yeah. And uh
it's been quite an evolution. We're
excited.
>> This company's changed a lot. Couple of
years ago, summer 24 $1,
>> $1 a stock.
>> What's changed? What have you changed to
get from that position to where we are
today?
>> We have changed everything. We've turned
around the capital structure um through
a couple of important transactions. Sold
13 billion dollars of priv private
connectivity fabric. uh sold our fiber
to the home business so we could double
down on enterprise and double down on
digital reposition the company to become
the trusted network for AI total culture
transformation uh so our people are
empowered to actually uh focus on growth
it's a new day for lumen
>> how painful has the transition been
given that this is new technology that
changes all the time and the skills are
quite different
>> yeah so you know it's adaptation right I
mean it's it's about acquiring new
skills it's about injecting new skills
into the company. It's about reimagining
how assets that have been around for a
long time uh provide new value. It's a
it's a total refresh. We find it very
energizing. Um AI is very disruptive but
poses a huge opportunity for our growth
because it proliferates data and we move
data for a living. How much easier is it
for you to raise money given the fact
that there is this buyin right now from
Wall Street in the buildout of fiber
connectivity, the buildout of what is
necessary to power the AI hopes and
dreams.
>> Well, honestly, we don't need to raise
money. We fully funded the next several
years of our transformation with the
cash that we've gotten from deal making
and from redoing our capital structure.
So, we're in a great place. Um, I think
you'll continue to see us tweak our
capital structure. uh continuing to
opportunistically reduce leverage and
and go after great rates. So, I mean,
we're in a great place right now.
>> When it comes to one of your major
customers partners, Anthropic, are you
concerned a little bit about the push
back Anthropic is getting in Washington
DC?
>> So, so look, Anthropic is a great
partner and they tapped us to be the
trusted network for their AI services.
So, we're super proud of it. Um, you
know, we're connecting their data
centers and we're moving at lightning
speed with them to help them grow. Um
but the I mean the question remains new
tech often raises complex questions.
We've seen this movie before with public
cloud and uh you know as that discussion
evolves I think it really points to the
fact that we probably need stronger
policymus
stronger governance governance muscle
and adjudication. So we're watching it
quite closely.
>> Well what if the DoD actually says they
are supply chain risk? if there's supply
chain risk deemed. I mean, we will
obviously uh as we always do, comply
with the full extent of the law, federal
regulations and contract requirements.
>> Does it give you pause about
establishing a relationship given that's
on the line at the moment?
>> It doesn't because uh no matter what the
landscape is at the model level,
everybody needs their data to be moved
from anywhere to anywhere quickly,
securely, effortlessly. And we're
sticking to that, which is several
abstraction layers away from the
discussion about the model. things are
happening really really quickly and the
numbers the sums involved are absolutely
ginormous. We had an individual sat in
your chair I think maybe a week ago to
the day who turned around and said that
this capex boom is the biggest bubble
he's ever seen and the constraints are
going to come from things like energy.
Can you give us the counterpoint to that
because I'm sure that's something you
hear a lot as well.
>> Oh, for sure. So, there's a couple of
different um layers to to this problem,
right? Uh whether or not there's a
bubble, it's disruption. They're going
to be winners and losers. They're going
to be uh value propositions and business
models that are are changed and
incumbents that are threatened. And who
wins at the model layer, who wins at the
services layer, that's up for debate. Um
what stays constant is the need to move
data from anywhere to anywhere. And
that's what we do for a living. We also
um got paid up front for building out
all the infrastructure. So we're helping
build the supply side of the AI economy
and we were able uh you know to take in
all of that cash up front and it'll take
several decades. We have more in pipe so
we know there's there's more coming
along. I think on the demand side it
gets really interesting. It's as
enterprises start to consume you know
those services what does that look like?
And I think that's where a lot of u a
lot of the adaptation that we talked
about earlier needs to happen. Aside
from some of the bombastic headlines
about AI being a bubble and data centers
being a bubble, when you talk to people,
one of the fears is uh the data center
that isn't near a big city, the data
center that's out in the middle of
Tennessee and whether that becomes a
stranded asset. You're kind of the
answer in terms of connecting all of
this. How big of a concern is that? I
mean, do you think that the connectivity
between some of these more remote data
centers is feasible over a longer term
with a bigger load? Honestly, we already
cover a lot of the remote data centers
and the ones that are being built are
looking at all the constraints, energy,
fiber, etc. And we're right there in
partnership with them as they build
those plans. So, our coverage is an
asset. It gives us an advantage in that
marketplace and uh we're leaning into
it. It's how we're winning so many of
these contracts. From an energy scarcity
perspective is a couple different
things. We have a programmable network
that allows companies to move data
anywhere very quickly in real time. So
we are actually energy's best friend um
because we can actually pivot workloads
to markets where there's more energy
available or where the pricing is more
favorable. The Citadel versus Citrini uh
7 I I just want to go to this because it
really speaks to what you're talking
about. The whole Citadel comment was
that the amount of energy that would be
required for the kind of productivity
and human replacement that Satrini was
talking about totally undermines the
whole argument and that we're so far
behind it that it just seems absolutely
implausible at that point just getting a
human to do it is much easier. I mean,
how big of a constraint is the energy
picture right now?
>> I think right now the problem is that
the workloads and data are trapped in
markets where there are constraints on
energy. But if you look at all of the
energy that's available across all the
markets in aggregate, there's plenty of
energy. So the question is, can you move
the processing to where the energy is
available? And with a programmable
network from Lumen, the answer is yes.
>> We've explored some of these issues with
you before. I'd love some deeper insight
on this particular topic. The difference
between this moment compared to say the
internet of 30 years ago that back then
the telecoms weren't the people who made
the massive money. the massive money was
made at the application layer. It was
some of these big tech firms that came
along like the Amazons, the metas of
this world that produced the kind of
things that took advantage of the
infrastructure that was built for them.
Is this different with AI?
>> Um, it's different for a couple of
reasons. Number one, there was a huge
overbuild at that time and every project
looked like a great project for telecom
companies. They were also in the utility
mindset where they were charging rents
and it was kind of like, oh, there's
going to be this huge traffic boom. we
can't wait to to get all these orders.
Um, this is different because it's not
just about pipes. It's not just about
bandwidth. It's about the capabilities
to connect that bandwidth to the
application layer. It's how everything
talks to each other. That's the essence
of our strategy is this digital platform
actually makes the network programmable.
Just like compute and storage were made
programmable in the world of cloud.
We've promoted network to the same level
and now it's become an incredibly
valuable asset. Manage your energy,
manage your workloads, push your data
from anywhere to anywhere and data
applications and people are spread
everywhere. So you need that fiber.
>> The transformation of this company has
been amazing to follow. It's great to
catch up with you. You're welcome back
anytime. It's good to see you.
>> Thank you so much.
>> Thanks for dropping by. Thank you. That
was Kate Johnson there, the Lumin
Technologies president and CEO.
>> Some real fascinating food for thought,
especially with the push back that we're
hearing in terms of stranded assets.
Well, they don't become stranded if you
have a connector and that seems to be
the solution here.
>> Let's give you an update on stories
elsewhere this morning with your
Bloomberg brief. Yhara drops by for
more. Hey, Yahara.
>> Hi, John. President Donald Trump and
Ukrainian President Vladimir Zalinski
holding a call to discuss next steps for
peace talks. Negotiators from both
countries planning to meet in Geneva
today. Sourc is telling us here at
Bloomberg another round of US-led
trilateral, [music] including Russia,
could take place next week.
The president's also preparing to host
big tech at the White House next week.
The companies including Amazon, Google,
Meta, and Microsoft will sign a pledge
agreeing to supply their own power for
AI data centers. [music] Data centers
are of course facing opposition in
communities across the US as people
blame rising utility bills on the
facility's huge electricity consumption.
And Salesforce trading lower in the
pre-market down 2.7%. The company giving
a lukewarm outlook for growth in the new
fiscal year. Its forecast [music]
fueling concerns that that the software
giants will lose out to new competition
in the age of AI. That's your Bloomberg
brief. John
>> Yara, [music] thank you. Appreciate it.
Up next on the program, big techs, big
spending.
>> We struggle a lot with just the absolute
dollars that are being thrown into this.
And there will be [music] giant
businesses created, but the amount of
capital being thrown at it and the
losses that some of these companies are
generating is absolutely like
mindboggling.
>> That conversation up next with Matt
Brill [music] of Invest live from New
York City. You're watching Bloomberg TV.
Stocks just about unchanged. Steady
waters here on the S&P 500 beneath the
surface though. You know [music] it's
been vicious. Continues to be.
Salesforce down in the pre-market. We'll
talk more about that in the next hour.
On the NASDAQ just about unchanged on
the Russell positive [music] by 0.3%.
Under surveillance this morning. big
tax, big spending.
>> Trying to predict when these things are
going to pop is is a fool's game. I do
believe that it's [music] people
underestimate the long-term aspects of
it, but they sure overestimate the
near-term aspects. We struggle a lot
with just the absolute [music] dollars
that are being thrown into this. We
think it's very real though and there
will be giant businesses created, but
the amount of capital being thrown at it
and the losses that [music] some of
these companies are generating is
absolutely like mindboggling.
>> So, here's the latest this morning. The
Nvidia CEO Jensen Wong [music] looking
to reassure investors that hyperscalers
will deliver about 700 billion in capex
this year. Matt Bril of Invesco writing
the market continues to brace for more
hyperscala issuance with two having
already come this month totaling $45
billion combined. Matt joins us now for
more. Matt, welcome. You're an expert in
this space. I just want to know from
your perspective what the risk is of
overbuild and allocated to stories that
won't work out.
Yeah, that's a great question and I
think unfortunately or fortunately we're
probably not going to find that out for
several years. So over the near term,
you know, this the risk is more of the
the technicals and the supply that it's
putting on the market. The longer term,
we'll have to figure out if there's
actually end demand for this. But you
heard Jensen Wang last night, he said
the compute power demand or the computer
demand is just off the charts.
Obviously, he's got to say that because
he needs his clients to uh continue
buying chips from him. But if if these,
you know, I think he's telling the truth
and the reality is we're starting to see
the expansion at the uh at the end user
base as well. So the expansion of
margins is really picking up and they're
going to keep buying from them. So I
think overall this is good. Um and they
are they're they're afraid of the risk
of of missing out here and the risk of
falling behind. So they're going to keep
spending and that means they're going to
keep borrowing.
>> We've heard that directly from companies
like Alphabet. How impressed have you
been, Matt, by their approach to the
debt market, their ability to diversify
risk across different regions, across
different maturities?
>> Yeah, so it's really three-dimensional
what what Google or Alphabet's been
doing where they issued all the way from
three years in the US out to 40 years
and then they issued in sterling and
they issued in Swiss Franks as well and
they did the 100-year sterling bond. So
basically three different uh currencies
and probably something around like eight
or 10 different uh maturity maturities
and all the way spanning from 3 years
out to 100. So they're diversifying
their sources. I'd say it's pretty
incredible what their debt has done. If
you look at the three-year, it's still
tighter from where they issued. Their
30-year and 40-year bonds are about
flat, but everything else is tighter. So
there's still demand. As much as much
debt as they've printed, they're still
doing well. And that's very contrary to
what you've seen with from from Oracle
where their their debt has actually
continued to move wider um on a little
bit of pressure of just the amount of
supply that they've done as well.
>> Matt, how much has this really changed
the investment grade index given the
fact that we're talking about 40-year
Google debt and we don't understand what
role a search engine will be or have in
society in 30 years, let alone five. I
just wonder how much you're seeing risk
getting built in that isn't properly
reflected in spreads.
Well, we're seeing steep curves in tech
and the steeper curves are reflecting
the fact that you can probably predict
for a few years where things are going
to be but not much further than that.
And so you're going to generally
believing in the balance sheet and
you're believing in management that
they're going to do the right thing
longer term. But we don't know from a
technology standpoint how quickly things
will change. So in the instance of
Google, you know, you got somewhere
around a 60 to 70 basis point 3s to 40s
curve. So it's reasonable. um in the
name like Oracle, it it is greater. It's
a bigger curve. It's steeper curve. So,
um I always point out to people these
are liquid bonds. These are multiple
multiple billion dollar bonds. So, uh we
need to get paid a steep curve and then
we need it to be liquid because if
things change, we're going to be going
to need to sell it. And I I think that
that you know that is key because you
can lock up capital in this market very
quickly. There's a lot of private debt
deals that are going on. There's a lot
of illquid deals that go on and I'm less
interested in those for the long term
because the things can change and I need
to be liquid and be able to to get out
of them.
>> You're talking about a potential $400
billion of issuance for investment grade
corporate debt in the United States this
year. That's up about a fifth uh more
than what we saw last year. I mean, at
what point would that be concerning?
Where is the money coming from? Is it
just in cash? Is it coming from
overseas? Is it coming away from
Treasury issuance?
>> It's a little bit of everything. We've
been hoping that the money would come
out of T bills and cash and that the T-
billill and chill trade would go away,
but it just it's been pretty tough to
break that, but it is generally been
coming from annuities and pension plans.
Uh you just had the uh the holiday over
over in in China for a little bit there.
And so in that regard, that took away a
little bit of demand for a week or so.
But for the most part, you're seeing the
yieldbased bar yield-based buyers
stepping in. And I have some concerns
that if you break below 4% on the
10-year Treasury that that's going to
start to dry up a little bit of that
demand. So, we need the yields to stay
elevated. We've been in this zip code
for a while while yields are elevated
but spreads are tight. If that were to
change and companies still continue to
issue at this pace, I do think credit
spreads would have to go wider.
>> Matt, just finally on the pockets of
stress we're seeing in private markets
at the moment, we're seeing some
companies having conversations about
redemptions, questions being asked about
their ability to meet them. When you
start to see signs of that starting to
emerge, is there a risk the more liquid,
higher quality assets have to be sold
because some of these companies that
have got exposure in those places where
they can't sell need to raise some
capital? 100%. I mean, at the end of the
day, when there's a crisis that hits,
you sell what you can, right? So, you
generally sell your most liquid and you
obviously you're going to sell your best
quality stuff as well. So, we'll see if
this some of the sales that have gone
on, the published sales that have been
out in the in the news, you know, if
there's if there's been cherry-picking
or not, uh, we'll have to find that out.
But I do think, you know, that does
create opportunities for us. The problem
is it creates a lot of pressure on the
market over the near term. But this is
going to be a bond pickers market
throughout the year. There's going to be
potentially some uh some panic selling.
There's going to be some force selling.
Um overall, we generally like that. We
don't like the path that that creates at
that time, but it does create
opportunities for us. We're looking at
the software space. It does feel a
little bit early there now, but software
BDC's could provide a lot of
opportunities on the year. We just got
to get paid and get a little more
comfortable of where the market's going
to be headed in the future.
>> Matt, that's another way of saying you
expect more pain. Is that fair?
>> That is that is fair. Exactly.
>> Matt Bril of Invesco, thank you, sir.
Good to see you. Expecting more pain in
those pockets of stress we've seen
already.
>> What's interesting to me is how much
public credit markets feel so good about
the pain in public in private markets
because they're saying this is isolated
to them. There's going to be pain. We
can be on the other side of it, but
we're going to benefit. And guess what?
We're sitting pretty because we're being
responsible. It's their problem. It's
hard to keep that contained though. Once
it comes to the surface, you sell what
you can, not what you want. That's when
problems start,
>> especially if it is fundamental. And
this is really the ultimate question. Is
this fear for fear itself or is this
something uh problematic with the
business models? And probably it's
something in between. And the question
is how that shakes out.
>> The stock story is pretty calm so far
this morning at the index level. Once
again, the S&P within about a half of 1%
from all-time highs on the S&P 500.
Futures going nowhere to positive maybe
a tenth of 1%. In the next hour of
Bloomberg Surveillance, we'll catch up
with John Bilton of JP Morgan Asset
Management. Looking forward to speaking
to Pierre Faru of New Street Research.
On the surface, Nvidia knocked it out of
the park and yet the stock is not
rallying hard. We'll talk about that in
just a moment. Plus, Nita Richardson of
ADP. Another look at the labor market.
Jobless claims just around the corner,
34 minutes away. And [music] we'll talk
tech more broadly with Tony Wong of
Trope Price. It's the third hour of
Bloomberg surveillance up next.
I'm not sure the market is actually
reflecting the strong nominal growth
environment. The mood around technology
remains very guarded.
>> The bar is always very high. It's a tale
of two markets almost.
>> There are incredible things coming out
there for AI. It's not going to be quite
on the sort of Wall Street time scale.
>> This is Bloomberg Surveillance with
[music] Jonathan Pharaoh, Lisa
Abramowitz, and An Marie Hordern.
>> Live from New [music] York City this
morning. Good morning. Good morning. For
our audience worldwide, the third hour
of Bloomberg Savannah, it starts right
now. The price action [music] looks like
this. unchanged on the S&P, on the
NASDAQ, likewise on the Russell. Very
close to all-time highs, not encouraged
by some fantastic [music] numbers coming
out of Nvidia. We'll talk more about
that a little bit later. In the bond
market, 10 still very close to 4% even
though the outlook [music] apparently is
bright for the US economy. Yields at
4.05% going into this at 8:30 Eastern
time. Another read on the US labor
market. Jobless claims are just around
the corner. It's really going to be of
increased import given all of the
[music] speculation around how much you
can see this divergence between the AI
hopes and dreams and what we're seeing
in the underlying economy. It feels like
things are holding in. We saw that
really good jobs report in terms of what
uh came out last month. Can we [music]
see a continuation of that given some of
the layoff announcements etc. or do we
see a reaceleration which is what a lot
of people at least in the optimistic
side are projected.
>> Incredibly important number. This is
going to be from the likes of Governor
Christopher Waller who said he's going
to really think about where the labor
market is and potentially [music] it's
going to push back his dot on where he
sees the next interest rate cut. Also,
you mentioned that Citadel securities
[music]
report. Catrini has this doomsday
scenario and Citadel is like look at all
the software jobs there are. There
actually are white collar jobs right now
and you should look elsewhere. It's not
just doom and gloom when it comes to AI
and Edardenni's [music] AI derangement
trade.
>> The Fed devs are becoming more balanced.
I'm pleased you brought that up. You see
that from Governor Chris Waller, much
more neutral compared to where he was.
Governor Myron less doubbish. I wouldn't
call him hawish, but certainly less
doubbish. And this from Susan Collins in
the last week as well. I think that it's
quite likely that it will be appropriate
to hold the current range for some time.
This is Senator Gas for a prolonged
pause and that prolonged pause expires
when the new guy gets in.
>> And I wonder how much that story changes
next Friday when we get the payrolls
report for February. How much do we need
to see confirmation of this given the
fact that they see a lot of growth and
to the extent that they are concerned
about the AI Armageddon that Catrini
[music] was talking about? We heard a
couple of different Fed governors
including Lisa Cook saying even if that
were the case, it's unclear what role
[music] monetary policy plays in that.
So there is a very split decision here,
but it does seem like on the margins and
what's getting priced into the market is
a lower [music] chance of a rate cut uh
an increasing number of rate cuts
throughout the year.
>> Lots to get through this hour. We'll be
catching up with John Bilton of JP
Morgan Asset Management with stocks
struggling to maintain momentum. Pier
Fico of New Street Research recapping
results from Nvidia and Neil Richardson
of ADP breaking down the latest labor
market data. We begin this hour with
stocks flat as investors search for
clarity in big tech. John Bilton of JP
Morgan Asset Management writing the
broader AI ecosystem remains on solid
footing. The Max 7 have derated to their
smallest PE premium in 7 years creating
upside potential if adoption accelerates
faster than expected. John joins us now
for more. John, good morning. Good to
see you. Are we suffering from AI
derangement syndrome in the words of
Edanti this morning?
>> What what what a great phrase. Um
[clears throat] I think there's an awful
lot that gets talked about what is
basically the fourth wave of technology
development that we've seen in the last
50 years. So let's take a step back.
What what have we seen? We've seen
mainframes coming out potentially
disrupting businesses back in 70s and
80s became embedded in business
processes. the economy grew stronger as
a result of that automation. E-commerce,
you know, obviously we had the dotcom
era in the 99 in the 90s and 2000s.
That's now something we just we just
take for granted. Mobile telefan, we
spend most of our a good amount of our
time doom scrolling and you know,
forgetting that actually we do so much
on our phones that we didn't think about
doing 20 years ago. So the idea that we
are in a position where we're
overestimating in both directions both
the doomsday scenarios for AI in terms
of replacing every job and some of the
extreme scenarios. I think we have to
calibrate for that and that's what I
think the market is doing right now.
It's calibrating to the fact that it's
it's waking up that [clears throat] tech
may be the architecture that we need,
the broad tech complex benefiting from
this wave of AI investment, but it's
also an area which has businesses that
will be disrupted and the market's
trying to calibrate that. And at the
moment, I feel fairly comfortable about
looking at technology generally because
the market's doing what it should do.
It's differentiating between areas that
may be disrupted. It may be overreacting
in some cases and it's generally being
fairly stable in terms of the overall
outlook. Last 5 years tech has has risen
about 120%. This year year to date it's
down about 2%. Comm services the other
side of tech up about 60% over 5 years.
This year to date down 1%. This is not
tech Armageddon as some people have been
describing it.
>> Let's stay on valuations. Sure. You
mentioned your quote there about the
D-rating we've seen in some of the Max 7
names. And really so far it's been a
valuation story, not an earningsled
selloff.
>> So let's sit on the D-rating and why
that's happening. Capex intensity has
picked up. The character [clears throat]
of these names has changed. Doesn't that
warrant a lower multiple?
>> Well, I think it's there's a couple of
things going on. First and foremost,
what we're seeing is we we're getting a
little bit more internal competition
going on within the tech complex. It's
no longer, you know, they can do nothing
wrong. It's more that actually they're
beginning to compete with each other.
That's good for the economy longer run
because it actually brings price points
down. It allows a you you remove some of
that monopoly power, but ultimately what
it means is you've got to repric things.
And what I think is going on and
bringing the multiple down today is the
fact that the forward cash flows are
becoming a little bit less certain.
They're still good, but they've got a
wider band of uncertainty around them.
If you have a wider band of uncertainty
about your forward cash flows, guess
what? you pay a lower multiple. But then
let's look at the facts. If we look at
the multiples today, they're around 20%
above the rest of the index for MAG 7
versus the 493. On average, they're
running around about 40% premium. So
right now, we're down at the levels that
we've not seen since the last market
turmoil of liberation day. So if you
keep going in this way with the type of
earnings growth which has been delivered
and shown to be delivered and is
actually being projected forwards these
are going to be a deep value sector
pretty quickly
>> which raises a question have people gone
too quickly into Europe into the Cosby
as John's mentioned several times into
other places that they see as uh maybe
at a discount has that sort of discount
evaporated given the gains that we've
seen so far this year
>> well certainly Asia extra X Japan, Asia,
XChina have been really on a tear this
year. And I think a lot of that is also
wrapped up in this tech hardware story
because you know the need to invest in
technology to maintain one's business
position is as strong today as it ever
was. So the hardware, the energy, the
the the connectivity etc. is still
really important and that that money is
being spent. So I think that there's
that that's got some legs to it. So the
idea that you know suddenly we've seen a
good outperformance of emerging markets,
a good outperformance of Europe year to
date. You know, I think that's more of a
catch-up trade than anything else. And
there's more going on than just the tech
story. We've got a weakening dollar.
We've got investments being made in
Europe at a level that we've not seen in
a generation. So as a result, there's
reasons to think that there's some legs
to this catchup trade. That said, you
know, if we look at the markets
generally around the globe, the the S&P
is not down on the year. It's it's up
one and a half% give or take change and
you know we're having all this sort of
existential conversations about US
stocks when if we compound that up and
play it forward we're looking at a 10 to
12% year for S&P which is smack bang on
the kind of late cycle average in terms
of total returns. So for us
diversification
around the globe is driven by a number
of themes not least the dollar not least
investment but frankly technology is
still looking back here at the domestic
markets. You said late cycle and that's
concerning for some people given the
fact that this might be feeling really
good if you're in the AI sector and if
you're invested in some of these names,
but it doesn't feel good if you're
responding to the consumer sentiment
surveys that are handed out by the
University of Michigan and others. And
I'm just wondering uh how you see this
late cycle as being different from prior
late cycles.
>> So I think you know late cycle
[clears throat] economies are an
interesting piece when when we when we
look at them what what's actually going
on. the economy is kind of running at
potential. As long as it doesn't do
anything crazy and borrow too much from
the future and behave too badly, those
late cycles can carry on for a long
time. You know, the the late cycle from
95 lasted you give or take sort of
coming on for six years. We had a very
long cycle pre-COVID around 10 years in
duration. So late cycle phases can last
a decent amount of time. I think what's
interesting today uh and you as we try
and calibrate how long a late cycle
phase might last is that we are
operating at full employment we're
operating roughly at or slightly above
trend growth. So we're we're pretty much
in that place but we're not seeing
massive exuberance taking place.
Certainly not in terms of primary market
activity, deal activity, etc. It's
beginning to pick up but we're not
seeing it. Household leverage has been
reasonably well contained. Yes, it's
picked up, but it's not flashing red as
things stand. So, this could be a decent
cycle extension. With regard to the
consumer, you know, we've just been
through a period of softness in the
labor market. A little bit of concern
there, but we're just beginning to see
that slightly turning the corner in our
view. We're starting to see we saw a
good payrolls report, you know, in uh in
January. You know, the four-week rolling
average on jobless claims running at
219,000. That's right on cycle lows. Um
and we're just in the some of the softer
uh softer data in some of the surveys.
Um we're seeing things like you know
jobs easy to find versus hard to get
just beginning to plateau and start to
turn up. So we take a more positive view
that as this investment's coming into
the economy this year it will find its
way to the consumer and that should
extend this cycle a little bit further.
>> John you sound very constructive. There
was a report yesterday from the FT,
really a think piece about the death of
the Trump trade and how everyone
basically they have all this backlash
against US markets. Is that really
happening?
>> Well, we're we're not seeing it. I mean,
>> it went viral. It seems like potentially
it depends on what side of the line
Trump trade. Yeah,
>> we're not seeing a huge selling down of
US assets because quite frankly, if you
want exposure to cutting edge technology
to the largest consumer on the planet,
the biggest bond market out there and
the world's reserve currency, you're
buying into the US. Now, does that mean
that you're not going to be casting your
eye on other markets? I think we've got
to look at where the marginal euro,
pound, yen, Swiss Frank, etc. goes
because it's not necessarily going to go
as fully into dollar assets as it was
before. It's actually finding its way
more broadly around the globe. But a
bigger part of that to my mind is the
willingness to see the dollar soften
some. Obviously, we we think we will
still get a little bit more action from
the Fed. We think one more rate cut
during the course of this year. And
we've got a situation where we've got
rates going up in other places such as
Japan. So under those circumstances,
further dollar weakness could actually
be the one part of that sell America
trade that takes place. But broadly
across the asset complex, not seeing it.
>> I think there's a human element to a lot
of this that we don't discuss enough. A
lot of people internationally that work
in this business have been sick and
envious of what's been developing in the
US for the last 10 years. They spent a
decade of walking into rooms trying to
sell U. UK equities and European stocks
and being laughed out the room. and now
they feel like they've got this
opportunity to talk their book a little
bit more. Do you sense that in client
meetings at the moment that there's that
home bias, that emotion, that envy of US
equities that develops these kind of
headlines we've seen?
>> Um, I think it's a little bit bigger
than that. I mean, the US has a massive
home bias in terms of if you're if
you're an investor in based in the US,
then you've got everything you need.
>> That's where the envy comes from. if
because they're the individuals that are
sending these people out of the room for
the last decade [laughter] come into the
room and try and sell someone UK
equities and they're sitting here in the
United States. They're going to get a
5minute conversation 10 years ago.
>> It has been a tough deal because if you
look at it, you don't have the same
equity culture. You if you look at the
Euro zone, the equity footprint is
roughly half the size of the nominal GDP
footprint. In the US, the US stock
market is roughly double the size. And
that's because you've got a much more
equitized culture. So what's causing the
problem in terms of something like
European equities? Well, we've we've
been through a significant period over a
decade of derating of a massive banking
sector. We've got a savings culture
which is a lot more focused towards, you
know, fixed fixed income assets. It's
been governed by rules which have made
it harder to buy equities. So trying to
then go a layer further and sell those
outside of the region becomes a harder
thing to do. But I would say that we get
more and more conversations both
internally and externally about
diversifying portfolios. Thinking okay
if this technology trade which we
started with is moving along as prior
technology cycles have done from the
adoption phase to the deployment phase
where everybody benefits from it then
surely we need more diversification away
from technology. And if I can get that
diversification cheaply internationally,
especially if the dollar's under some
pressure.
>> True.
>> Sure. I'm I'm interested again.
>> It's happening. John, thank you, sir.
Appreciate your time. John Bilton of JP
Morgan Asset Management. This from
Deutsche Banks, Tim Baker. US under
Performance is now clear on a one-year
time frame, perhaps long enough for
foreign investors to reconsider their
allocation. Stories change. I remember
when I first moved here, and an
individual, I won't name them, came into
the room because I felt offended at the
time, turned around and said, "Europe's
good for holidays, for vacations, and
not for investing." And that was true
for the next decade or so. I think the
Europeans have an emotional response to
that that's built up over the last 10
years or so. And the moment you get a
slight bit of outperformance
internationally, they're like, "It's our
time. It's my time." There is an
emotional element to this story that I
don't think we spend enough time talking
about.
>> There is. At the same time, people are
looking for diversification. It's partly
because of the dollar story. How much
that changes is if the dollar weakening
stops, I think it's going to be a big
deal.
>> And also the food when it comes to
Europe. But going back to going back to
all of this, John offers this
constructive view where when the
Financial Times is talking about how
it's actually investors trying to avoid
not just US markets, they call it Donald
Trump's market and it feels very
politicized.
>> Absolutely. The Trump derangement and
syndrome is pervasive in European
conversations. The headline sell
America, it's not in the data. You don't
see it in the data. We've talked about
it a million times. The more recent
data, you don't see it at all. And the
stock market is still close to all-time
highs. There's a difference between less
buying and selling and maybe what you
see more recently is less buying because
of the action the fireworks elsewhere
>> and there's a difference between emotion
and needing to have a bottom line that
actually does cater to investors and I
think that that's also playing out.
>> Let's give you an update on stories
elsewhere. We'll move on your blimp
brief with you Arnold. Hey you Hra.
>> Hi John. Netflix coco Ted Sandos is
heading to the White House. Politico
reporting he's planning to discuss the
company's potential acquisition of
Warner Brothers. The talks are expected
to highlight the regulatory and
political hurdles facing the deal. The
visit also coming amid pressure [music]
from President Trump, who's demanding
the removal of Netflix board member
Susan Rice.
German Chancellor Friedrich MS says he
will push ahead with a new effort to
strengthen [music] ties with China
during a meeting with Chinese President
Xi. MS also acknowledged [music]
challenges, saying high capacities in
China far exceed demand. His government
has committed to [music] reduce
dependence on America by expanding
existing partnerships. And Stalantis
shares edging uh now edging higher in
the pre-market after reporting its first
ever annual loss. The Jeep maker scaling
back an electric vehicle push triggering
a wave of impairments and charges. The
company is also weighing using EV
technology from its Chinese partner Leap
Motor to help lower costs across its
mass market European brands. That's your
brief, John.
>> Yara, thank you. I feel bad. And I love
the food. It's fantastic.
>> You feel bad about the food where?
>> I love the Europeans.
>> Continental Europe. Maybe not so much
the United Kingdom.
>> Don't love European bureaucracy, but the
Europeans. Up next on the program, the
morning calls, plus Pierre Felu of New
Street Research recapping results from
Nvidia. Conversation up next.
[music]
right now. [music] Everyone's focus on
the losers, how AI is going to hurt. The
reality is is that it's all about capex
numbers and data center demand. What you
saw from Nvidia, the AI bubble
essentially gets thrown out the window.
And look, I think this is a stock that's
ultimately like up 3 to 5% today.
>> That was Dan Ies of Wed Bush on Nvidia.
More on that name in just a moment.
Futures just about positive by a tenth
of 1% on the S&P. On the NASDAQ, just
about [music] unchanged. That's the
price action. Here's some morning calls.
That one name in focus. First up, City
raising its price target on Nvidia,
highlighting exponential [music]
agentic AI demand. Your second call from
Bernstein raising its target, noting
continued Blackwell momentum. And
finally, JP Morgan [music] raising its
price target on the chip maker, calling
lingering growth concerns quote
overblown. Let's stick with Nvidia. A
blowout earnings report failing to
impress Wall Street. Ed Ledllo joined us
now for reaction. Ed, your thoughts.
Yeah, a high bar for the buy side as
well. Right, in the current period,
sales will be $78 billion plus or minus
2%. But that does not reflect any
revenues from China and China data
center. They disclosed in a regulatory
filing that the US has given them
limited licenses to do that. But of
course, they can't control China. So
they don't know if China's going to let
them ship H200s. That's the frank
reality of it. To your last few points,
Jensen Wong was asked very clearly. Do
you look at the capital expenditures
guidance of the hyperscalers and expect
it to grow from here on a multi-year
basis? and his answer was what we expect
is that their cash flows will improve
because right now what they're trying to
do is evidence the durability of what's
happening. He talked about the present
economics of AI and profitable tokens.
In other words, to Nvidia's mind, models
are now giving output that customers are
willing to pay for and pay for at a
level that is higher than the cost of
running them, the compute. And that is
Nvidia's whole business model, right? So
he tried to give evidence along with CFO
Klet Crest that that's happening. Final
bit on supply chain and supply. They
have multiple quarters of inventory and
capacity to meet demand. That gave some
confidence, but warnings that there will
be some supply chain issues that
persist. Other than that, to their mind
again, John, the story is very much
intact.
>> Ed, thank you, sir. The stock is up by
1%. We'll catch up with Ed later, of
course, on Bloom Bay Technology a few
hours from now. Pierre Faro of New
Street Research raising its price target
on the stock following earnings,
writing, "Nvidia now trades at a
discount. We see very limited risk of
disappointment." Pierre joins us now for
more. So Pierre, let's go through this
piece by piece and I'm going through
your note here as well. They've got the
purchase commitments. They've secured
the capacity to meet that growth. If you
look at the margins, they're guiding the
mid70s as far as the I can see and yet
we've derated relative to the semis
index. Pierre, what explains that?
>> Well, what explains that is that the
market is wondering whether earnings,
the earnings power of Nvidia today is
sustainable. Are we at the top of the
bubble and do we should we expect like
earnings to pull back and then the
problem is not on the very low multiple
you see today it's actually the earnings
number that that is way too high and our
conviction is that given where we stand
in the deployment of AI when we look at
who is investing in AI and what the
underlying economic model is we are
relatively confident the earnings power
of Nvidia today is really really
sustainable in the long run In the long
run, there might be a bubble at some
point, a correction, like a pullback in,
but we do think the amount that is being
spent on AI infrastructure today is
going to continue to grow. Pier, how
much do you see uh competition as one of
the flies in the ointment? I mean, I'm
looking at margins. You talk about how
they're in the mid70s as far as the eye
can go. I mean, they're minting money.
They can charge whatever they want. At
what point does that open the door to
the Broadcoms of the world, the AMDs,
uh, to really bring some business away
from them with offering a lower price
point?
>> Yeah, it's a great question and I think
the door has actually been made wide
open by Nvidia many years ago by just
charging prices that reflect like 75%
gross margin give and take. And the door
is open and people are getting in. Look
at the success of Broadcom. Look at the
success of a Google deploying their own
chip. Um, who would have guessed that
Google would deploy for several tens of
billions of dollars a year of their own
chip, the TPU? It's absolutely
mind-blowing. Who would have guessed
that uh AMD in the last few months has
baked in uh contracts to deploy 12
gawatt of data center based on their
technology. So, the door is wide open
and competitors are getting in. Now the
chip business is a very high return
business because when you sell a chip,
you sell an ecosystem, you sell an
environment in which your clients have
to invest alerts and you sell a
technology that is evolving very very
rapidly thanks to M's law thanks to
design innovation that [clears throat]
actually drives very very high returns.
So competitors are coming in instead of
doing 75% gross margin they do 60% gross
margin. So they they can thank Nvidia
for that but they are not putting enough
you know like for like pressure on an
Nvidia for Nvidia to feel material pain
on their gross margin. So I think in the
long run gross margin will probably
erode over time as the bill of material
of the chips keep going up very very
very fast. It's going to be an arbitrage
for Nvidia to, you know, give away a few
points of gross margin very slowly over
time to to to protect [snorts] to
maximize, you know, the demand
potential. But like the competitive risk
of I have to lower my price or I'm going
to be displaced.
>> I that's not something we've seen in
that industry like these very high-end,
you know, high valuated chips have very
defensible pricing power in a very very
sustainable way.
>> Pierre, thanks for jumping on for us.
Pierre Feru there of New Street
Research. that name this morning is
higher by 1%. There are some doubts. We
have seen a derating. Pierre going
through some of the reasons.
>> Yeah. And the fact that you are going to
see some competitive pressure really
come in. Nonetheless, the ecosystem is
uh rife for money to keep pouring in and
it's not as exactly as if anyone's
crying over the fact that they're
increasing their revenues and their
profits. Just unbelievable type of sales
increases. I was looking at the balance
sheet this morning and it's just, you
know, hundred billion dollars of cash
flowing in. And I mean these numbers are
just made up.
>> The opportunities and the progress
that's been made. And you heard Pierre
talk about the technological progress
and how rapid it is at the moment. The
efficiencies as these chips become more
efficient. The pressure on people to
upgrade as we reach energy constraints.
It's going to be absolutely [music]
massive.
>> Yeah. And this is the reason why people
say that the capex cycles are only going
to accelerate after already uh doubling
and tripling over the past couple of
years.
>> Up next on the program, we'll get you
the latest jobs data. Jobless claims
just around the corner. Some reaction
from Nita Richardson of ADP [music] from
New York City. This is Bloomberg
struggling to add to two days of gains
on the S&P 500. Firma here by around a
tenth of 1% on the S&P up by 0.06 on the
NASDAQ. [music] You know, a year ago, if
Nvidia put up numbers like that, the
NASDAQ would be up 2, 3%. Nvidia would
be up by 5 [music] to 10. And here we
are this morning up by what? Single
digits.
>> Yeah. Buying up the shares of psychiatry
bills because we all have evidently AI
derangement syndrome. And that seems to
be the story, isn't it? 2026. Edi, thank
you. That was a gift this morning.
>> It's a play on Trump derangement [music]
syndrome. Thought it was fantastic.
Edeni earlier on this morning in the
bond market right now, yields lower by
basis point on a 2-year 346. The data
just crossing. Mike McK has more.
Morning, Mike. Good morning, John. We've
got uh Douglas claims derangement
syndrome this morning. 212,000.
That's up a little bit from 28,000 a
revised number from last week, but it is
still a very low number. Uh continuing
claims 1,833,000,
down from 1,864
the prior week and of course those are
uh weak delayed the uh number of claims
on unadjusted basis. uh did not change
all that much. Uh so at this point it
looks like what we're seeing is
continued low fire, low higher and
that's what all the Fed people are
talking about and uh doesn't seem to be
any indication that we're moving on from
that and we're finally getting to the
point now where you're past all the
holiday distortion. So you're getting
kind of a clean read more or less uh on
on all of this. Although there was a uh
New York uh schools were out and that
kind of feeds into this time of year
data.
>> I think we're all just losing our minds,
Mike. Don't worry about it. It's the
longest first quarter in the history of
financial markets and we're not even
twothirds through. Almost
>> fake news. It's almost over. Welcome to
December.
>> Doesn't it feel that way?
>> I mean, it does. It's partly because the
narratives are shifting so quickly and
keeping track of everything. I mean,
it's exhausting. You can kind of feel it
for everyone coming in. They're all
like, "Yeah, it's like this and this and
this." It's like, can I go home now?
>> That's what it feels like.
>> I know. Maybe I'm just kidding.
>> But all that noise beneath the surface
and at the index level still within 1%
from record highs
>> and it's stories. It's not fact. There's
nothing you can dig into and get excited
about. I mean, you get these earnings,
they come out, they're great, and then
what you got is just not exactly
coherent with that. It's very
frustrating.
>> Satrina Research put out that report,
and I'm reading it Sunday evening, and I
sent a message to the author and said,
"This is really thoughtful stuff. I
thought it was really interesting just
to stretch your mind a bit about the
future, whether you believe any of that
stuff's going to happen or not. just to
stretch your brain and think about where
things might go, might not go in the
next year, 10 years, whatever. I was so
shocked to see the move on Monday across
several sectors and people attribute
those moves to just that piece.
>> The faster things move, the more
exhausted we all get trying to keep
track of it. Because right now, if
markets are a forward pricing mechanism
and you think that technology is moving
that quickly, you have to start thinking
science fiction, which is the reason why
Catrini was a great thought exercise,
but seemed more probable. It also fed
into the sentiment that people feel
trying to look at the jobs picture and
saying why isn't it getting better? Why
is it not looking more robust given the
fact that we have all this growth? Oh,
maybe it's because of AI. And that leads
us to Edardian.
>> But it's not getting worse.
>> It's not getting worse and that's I
think the big story.
>> Is that the good news? Is that the news
from this data this morning that it's
not getting worse? And is that enough
for this Federal Reserve?
>> Well, enough for them to remain on hold.
Yes. And that's the reason why people
have priced out a lot of rate cuts this
year. Mike McKe there breaking down the
jobs numbers. Low higher, low fire. And
you see that in the claims numbers and
we've seen it now for several months.
Low fire, you see that in claims,
initial claims, low hire, you see that
in continuing claims. If you don't have
a job right now, it is very difficult to
find one still. And you're seeing that
in the data repeatedly. Nita Richardson
of ADP joins us now for more to break
this down. Nita, welcome to the program.
What are we learning about the labor
market from the incoming information?
Well, good morning, John. And I can
validate that at least for the ADP
private sector data, it's not getting
worse. Um, we actually put out a weekly
index, and you can see that on your
Bloomberg terminal for those of your
audience that have it, in which we look
at the four-week moving average as of
February 7th, and the numbers are
tracking about 51,000 private sector
jobs right now for the month. Um, I
think we do need to put that number
though in context. Uh, what I think is
that the stability is masking some
fragility in the labor market. It's a
labor market defined more by its
inactivity than its vigor. We're seeing
the job openings come predominantly from
one sector, namely healthcare. And so,
while it's a super stable market, it's
one that's seems to be very fragile
because all the gains are lopsided.
Nita, how unusual is it for it to be
this steady for this long? I've heard
the phrase frozen being thrown around
that it's a frozen labor market, but
I've heard that phrase now for more than
12 months, maybe two years. How unusual
is this?
>> Let me put a number on it for you,
Jonathan. This is the first time, or
actually, this is the lowest level of
January turnover we've seen in nine
years that we've been tracking. So, it's
very unusual. It's very unusual to see
uh the kind of caution we've seen from
employers and it's not just real time
cyclical data. That's the issue for the
Fed. It is still the long live shadow of
the pandemic which taught firms to be
cautious both in how they hire and how
they let go because those swings, those
massive swings of uh pandemic recovery
and the great resignation, trying to
hire people in mass um were really
problematic for firms, very costly. And
you're still seeing those ramifications.
And on the employee side, you're also
seeing the ramifications of getting
higher salaries, higher benefits, better
working conditions during the great
resignation. So, we're still feeling
those effects uh that are from the
pandemic.
>> Can we break out of this, Nila, given
the overhang that we currently have of
AI derangement syndrome?
>> Yeah. Yeah. So, so here's my my
hypothesis, and I I I think we have the
data at ADP to study this. We do have
this very placid um labor market. Back
where I'm from in the Midwest, we call
we say still still waters run deep. And
so you you are seeing this mask of
stability. But underneath that mask is a
lot of churn. While external labor
markets are frozen, internal labor
markets within companies are extremely
dynamic. You can't bring people in or if
you're not bringing people in, that
means internally you have to fill those
spots. You have to repurpose your
talent. You have to promote, you have to
fill in retired workers, you have to
scale up the workforce. And I think
that's where all the action is is inside
the firm instead of outside the firm.
And that's going to have implications
going back to AI of how companies really
change in the in the face of these
technological advances if they're not
hiring external talent.
>> Do you think that there's any catalyst
in the next couple of months that could
potentially push us out of this low
hire, lowfire zone? I mean this idea
that maybe we could see employment pick
up the way that John Bilton was
mentioning.
>> Yeah, absolutely. I mean what's really
driving the labor market right now is
consumer spending. It's like hiring is
bending to the spending, right? And this
is not my line by the way. Um consumer
spending is driving health care hiring.
It's uh driving uh leisure and
hospitality hiring. But if we were in a
new world where investment not just AI
investment but investment rip large were
was driving the hiring then that's when
we would see more broad-based gains.
When those technological advances ca
came from not just the models but the
applications where new tasks new
occupations were being redefined that's
when we would see some job gains. Right
now we're not seeing that. Um, but that
doesn't mean that this economy isn't
quickly accumulating the potential for
that widespread growth.
>> What you're talking about basically is
the AI capbacks basically meaning the
actual buildout happens. Construction
workers, manufacturing workers, is that
potentially in the cards for this year.
>> It would be a struggle. And and the
reason isn't on the demand side, it's on
the supply side. You need that talent.
And what we're seeing at ADP is that
talent is actually aging out of the
workforce. So the the very skills that
you need to deploy that infrastructure
are is quickly exiting. Um and so this
is where the rubber hits the road. We
need both supply of those specialized
skills even as we see the demand for
them. And right now the supply isn't
coming on fast enough.
>> So basically not only is the market
frozen, but the labor supply isn't
there. Is it just construction and
manufacturing or you know Ed Yardi was
talking about software engineers this
was in the Citadel report as well that
when it looks like job postings for them
are up 11% year-over-year
it you know we are heading especially in
those tech fields into a more
specialized
software development space so the AI the
machine learning specialists those are
in high demand you can see that at ADP
and the wage increases even relative to
other dig digital or software
development tech jobs. So, yeah, there's
a high demand for those roles. Um, and
there's just not enough people to fill
them. So, this goes back to the overall
idea of stability. Um, we don't have
micro stability, we have macro
stability. On the micro side, on the
granular side, we have huge pockets of
supply demand mismatch. And that is
what's I think camping uh and cramping
the the labor market from pushing
forward.
>> Neil, good to see you. Interesting
conversation. We appreciate your time.
Nearly written there of ADP. Tons of
data points in that conversation. Number
one, at least for me, the lowest January
turnover we've seen in nine years, was
it?
>> Yeah.
>> Kind of speaks to the moment we're in
>> and it speaks to the reason why we're
not seeing more wage growth and the
reason why we're not necessarily seeing
anything in terms of a change in this
low higher low fire dynamic. what's
gonna ultimately change is this is why
this is such a frustrating moment,
right? We're talking about this rapid
change. We're talking about dreams,
we're talking about stories. Then you
look at the data, it's really not that
interesting. It's just sort of showing
stasis. And so you're trying to sort of
uh superimpose all of these big ideas
onto data that's very inconclusive and
not really doing as much as you think it
would be.
>> Equities supposedly are an anticipatory
asset class and they're trying to work
out the future and right now it's
difficult.
>> Yeah, good luck. I think that that's
what we're all reeling with right now.
Do
>> you want some job guesses?
>> Please.
>> Okay. 60k is the estimate for next week.
That's the median. A week tomorrow in
the payrolls report. We've got seven
guesses so far on a Bloomberg survey.
The range is pretty wide. 104 at the top
end, 35K at the low end. Saw an
improvement at the start of the year.
You want to see that continue and a lot
of the calls at the Federal Reserve in
their next meeting are going to hinge on
this meeting and of course particularly
from the doves on the committee for the
likes of Governor Chris Waller for
Governor Myron. Governor Wall has become
a lot more neutral compared to where he
was off the back of some better economic
data. It is payrolls. There's also the
ISM. You want to see a little bit more
of that and then we can't start to
really establish a prolonged pause with
the doves on board as well going into
the middle of the year.
>> Chris Waller was the one who was talking
about labor market carnage and the
weakness and that he said it would be a
coin flip whether or not he would vote
to cut rates at the March meeting and
ultimately it does hinge on that
employment report. Does it confirm the
strength that we saw in January
payrolls?
>> That jobs report a week tomorrow. Let's
get you an update on stories elsewhere
this morning with your Bloomberg brief.
Yhira has more. Hi Yhira.
>> Hi John. Recapping the data we just got,
jobless claims coming in at 212,000 for
last [music] week. That's lower than
estimates of 216,000 and up from the
prior week. Continuing claims falling,
coming in at 1.83 million, [music]
slightly below consensus.
Former Secretary of State Hillary
Clinton is set to testify before members
of the GOPled House Oversight Committee
today [music] as part of its
investigation into the late sex offender
Jeffrey Epstein. The closed door
interview will be videotaped. The
committee is scheduled to question
former President Bill Clinton, her
husband, tomorrow.
And nuclear talks between [music] the US
and Iran are set to reconvene later
today. According to Iranian state TV,
diplomats from both sides will continue
negotiations in Geneva in just a few
hours. This marks the third round of
talks between the two sides with just
days until President Donald Trump's
deadline to use military action. That's
your brief, John.
>> Hey, Yahara. Appreciate the update.
Thanks for this morning. Up next on the
program, Tony Wonk of T-Roll Price
breaking down the latest earnings from
Nvidia and what he's seeing more broadly
in the tech space. Plus, Danny has your
morning movers. Janice Henderson surging
on a victory capital takeover bid. That
name is up by close to 6% from New York
City. You're watching Bloomberg TV.
[music]
The market cap of Nvidia hasn't really
changed very much over the past 6
months. So meanwhile, we've just seen
massive multiple expansion, [music]
massive uh changes in terms of the size
of pretty much every other company on
the planet. The markets are really not
all that impressed by Nvidia. Pretty
remarkable to us given the strength of
the earnings, the margins, the revenues
there
>> and so on and so on. And yet we're not
seeing a massive rally. That was Emily
Rodent of John Hancock. Right now equity
futures just about positive [music] by a
tenth of 1% on the S&P 500. On the
NASDAQ, a similar move, some
outperformance, marginal stuff, some
muted moves. We're up by 02% [music] on
a small cap so far. The opening bow just
around the corner. Let's get you some
morning movers. Danny Burgerer has more.
Hey, Danny.
>> Hey, John. I won't linger on it too
much, but I do just at least want to
kick off showing us what Nvidia is doing
this morning. You mentioned not a huge
move. It's now up less than 1% even
though a big beat in the fourth quarter.
First quarter beats too, which just
shows some of the AI anxiety that is
playing through [music] in the valuation
of this company. Elsewhere, Janice
Henderson, that moves higher this
morning. It had already agreed to enter
a deal where it would be taken over by
Trion and General Catalyst for $49 a
share. This morning, Victory Capital
comes out and says, "I don't think so.
We want to buy you and we have a better
price of $574."
So, we're trading just under that. Who's
going to win out? We still are higher by
more than 5 and a half% in Janice
Henderson [music] in the pre-market. Uh,
finally, we also got an update from
Crispy Cream this morning. It's all
about right sizing their balance sheet
and bringing leverage down. And it's
something the company said, "Yes, we
will be able to do that." They're ending
an agreement with McDonald's, but
they're closing [music] a lot of stores,
1400 stores that are less profitable.
Instead, putting standalone counters and
high volume retailers. That strategy
seemingly working. It's lost 26% year-to
date. It gains more than 21% in the
pre-market. John,
>> there we go. Danny, looking forward to
the program. Danny and Matt Miller
coming up in about 15 minutes time. Look
out for that as we count you down to the
opening bell. Let's get to the trading
diary for the day and the week ahead.
Today, Fed Governor Bowman testifying
before the Senate on bank supervision,
plus results from Dell and Corewave
coming after the closing bell. Tomorrow,
[music] some PPI data and into next
week, more Fed speak plus some ISM
manufacturing data. The big data point
of course a week tomorrow kind of on
snooze now as far as the schedule is
concerned going into the weekend.
>> Yeah, it seems like uh there isn't that
much coming out although what we are
going to be getting with the with the
jobs report is going to be key in terms
of the Fed. It feels like people have
accepted the fact that the Fed is going
to be remaining on hold for the first
half this year. So, I wonder if some of
the Fed officials are kind of screaming
into a void. They're used to getting
this big [music] reception and having
the market respond in mass and maybe
they're refreshed or maybe they're kind
of like, "Where am I? Come on, pay
attention."
>> Everyone has accepted that. But maybe
one person, that's the president.
>> Yeah. He wants rate cuts. And the reason
the conversation's not moving forward is
because it can't really. They've
established a prolonged pause and most
people are on board with them until
there is a change of leadership. But at
the moment, as far as the market is
concerned, there's still great division
as to what Kevin Walsh is going to
bring. You speak to people and they'll
say, "Yeah, two cuts. That's what the
market's looking for. Back half [music]
of the year. Mute guy wants rate cuts."
I don't know. Wait for the testimony.
Wait for the hearing. Still not on the
calendar.
>> Yeah. Wait for the calendar to actually
mark a hearing. Wait for the actual DOJ
lawsuit to get resolved. Look, there is
a lot of uncertainty here. Right now,
people are looking at the economic data
and saying this isn't an economy that
warrants significant rate cuts.
>> No. And that's why you had some of the
push back between more notably Governor
Waller who was the individual that can
actually maybe make the argument to
other individuals to join his side and
then of course even Steve Meyer to
[music] your point. It's not that he's
not going to be a dove but he's a little
less doubbish.
>> 50 basis points less doubbish, right?
Yeah.
>> But still looking for 100 basis points
to cuts this year. Still [music]
doubish. That's the Federal Reserve.
Let's turn back to our top tech story
this morning. The latest earnings from
Nvidia [music] failing to ignite further
market gains. Tony Wong manages T-Roll
prices science and technology fund which
includes most of the mag 7 in its top 10
holdings. He writes the following. The
market doesn't know what to do with this
level of growth. It's just thinking this
is not sustainable. Tony joins us now
for more. Tony, welcome to the program.
Do you believe it is sustainable?
>> Yeah. So I think that uh what really
matters is this other leg of AI that's
coming which is I think agentic AI
essentially and you look at the develops
around claude and when I talk to my um
you know software programs I know in the
ecosystem they would say it's it's a
dramatic step function improvement and
what they could do uh with their time.
Essentially they let it run for a few
hours and it only costs a couple dollars
and they're seeing tremendous
productivity gains. And so to me, I
think you have to really look at like
the end driver of what's going on. And I
think the market right now just doesn't
know what to do with this level of
growth and this quantum of growth and
it's just riding off as this is like
unsustainable. I think it's why the
stock is chopped sideways for a bit. But
I think that what really matters in
multi-year is the token flywheel of are
the customers seeing significant ROIC
and that gives them more revenue and
then more capex to spend. So I think
that what that's what really matters uh
over the long term.
>> You could have probably just stopped it.
This market doesn't know what to do. I
mean I wonder have you ever seen a
period of time where the stories that
people tell triumph over earnings and
forward-looking guidance from the
companies themselves?
>> Yeah. Well, I think that a lot of times,
you know, kind of uh the narrative
follows the price and so a lot of times
there's justifications, there's stories
that people uh talk about. Um and at the
end of the day, I think what really
matters is like the earnings and the
sustainability and then people's view on
terminal value. Um, so I I think that uh
you know there's definitely some things
that are overhyped but at the same time
I think we are seeing a big tech
inflection in terms of what's going on
in AI and it's I think it's really
driving a new refactoring of how work is
done and I think it's going to make a
lot more productivity happen in the
economy um as a result
>> and we're seeing that being priced into
a lot of investors trying to pick
winners and losers in this new economy.
Software companies in particular have
gotten really beaten up. uh who are the
winners going to be if it isn't
necessarily a screaming buy of Nvidia.
John was asking everyone's looking for
the losers. Why are people not
identifying who the winners are going to
be?
>> Yeah. Well, I think that uh you know the
memory like compute bottlenecks uh
optics I mean you see like those are
becoming like significant winners in the
market uh recently especially and so I
think that um there are definitely
winners um that are going to be the fuel
for these tokens uh essentially to drive
revenue for cloud um and so I think that
uh it's going to be a lot in the picks
and shovels and then I also think
there's a lot going to be a lot in the
private markets we do a lot of at the
fund meeting with a lot of the uh preIPO
companies, the new AI startups and so I
think they're just delivering value in a
very different way and um you know
that's that's different from the
existing companies and so um you know
you see like anthropic you see open AI
XAI you know driving uh the technology
frontier and so um I I think there's
just going to be a you know a big boom
in innovation as a result.
>> I'm glad you brought up Open AI. What
happened to the big massive investment
Nvidia is supposed to make?
>> Yeah. Well, you know, I I think that a
lot of these things, these big deals can
have a lot of complexity. Um, you know,
but at the same time, I think that
there's been um, you know, still strong
signals from both companies. Uh, that
they're really important partners to
each other and, you know, Jensen has
talked about, you know, Open Eye being a
very consequential company and his
interest in investing. So, um, to me, I
don't think I think there's a little bit
of drama.
>> But Tony, it went from 100 to 30
billion. It's a big gap.
>> Yeah. Well, I mean, I think that, uh,
you know, at the same time, I mean, the
quantum is still alive and OpenAI's got,
you know, plenty of backers at the same
time. So, um, you know, I think you'd
have to ask Jensen for for for that
comment. But, uh, to me, there's still a
lot of confidence in terms of what
they're doing.
>> And no doubt someone in the team will
ask him. Tony, just a final question
from me. European, these names have
served you really well. But the gains
you're seeing abroad are absolutely
ginormous. Particularly the two names
that are seeing a roaring rally in South
Korea on the Cosby up by close to 50%
year to date. How are you managing that
story at the moment, Tony? Are they
names that are in the portfolio? If they
are, are you going to stay with the
ride? Can you just tell us what's been
going on?
Yeah. So I think there's a big compute
bottleneck that is uh capturing a lot of
economic value and so you know we have
holdings in uh Samsung and SK highex and
so to me like you know what's going on
in memory is pretty pretty awesome and
they have this new kind of uh comput
that keeps growing and so uh to me like
what's going on in DRAM HBM as well as I
think NAND uh you know they're becoming
more strategic and you look at the
content in these AI infrastructures
subsystems um you know they are gaining
a lot of share and it's becoming more
important um to delivering value
>> and you want to stick with it Tony it's
good to see you Tony Wong there at Tro
Price and some of the names in his
portfolio right now Dan of Wedbush was
on the program a little bit earlier
Nvidia's Michael Jordan AMD Scott Pippen
Palanteer was Dennis Rodman I thought
that was great Microsoft is Steve Kerr
[laughter]
is that what he's saying right now
that's hilarious I will just point out
that we found out this morning that
Michael Jordan and Jensen Wong have the
same birthday I believe. So maybe that
was true. I need to I need to verify it.
>> Yeah, February 17th.
>> So that might explain everything.
>> Is that where it came from or is that an
accident?
>> I can't.
>> Great people are born in February. Mike
Bloomberg's February 14th.
>> Okay. Who else?
>> Oprah Winfrey is also born in February.
And Annard is there.
>> I knew where this was going. I just
wanted to get that.
>> And my mom is her birthday this week.
>> She's a great woman.
>> Yes.
>> There we go. Coming up on the program
tomorrow, we'll catch up with Steo of
the Federated, Victoria Fernandez of
Crossmark Global Investments, former
White House senior adviser Amos
Hawkstein and Mark Leman of Citizens
Commercial Bank from New York City this
morning. Good morning to you all. Thank
you for choosing Bloomberg [music] TV.
This was Bloomberg Surveillance.